This explosion, which resembled a floral mechanism, was perceived by Kirili as a very expressionistic and emotional sign, which emerged from the regularity of the vertical.  --  Vilma Maldonado of The Monitor praised the record as "creative history" and its production as "seamless" and mentioned that "La Copa de la Copa" stands out the most.
She had also previously worked at the British tabloid the Sun and the British newspaper  Sunday Times in London.  --  Any normal sequence (a sequence in which each string of equal length appears with equal frequency) is disjunctive, but the converse is not true.
On 15 April 2021, the transitional administration announced that legislative and presidential elections will be held on 27 February 2022.  --  Yüksel is critical of Islamic creationists, such as the jailed cult leader Harun Yahya.
The first section, "Tag", tells the story, in the typical Vlad Taltos as first person narrator style, of certain events early in his career as a high-ranking Jhereg.  --  Paul Schmidtberger, novelist, whose works include Design Flaws of the Human Condition.
The Board is led by the board chair, who presides over meetings, evaluates executive performance, advises senior administration, and represents the university's interests to government.  --  Kyle Rittenhouse trial verdict protest, November 20 On November 20, hundreds protested the acquittal of Kyle Rittenhouse at a demonstration in downtown Minneapolis.
Their newsletter stated that they would "try to fill the needs for money, staff, educational materials, and communication that individual organizing projects cannot fulfill themselves."  --  She is a green-skinned demon with horns, who comes up to Earth because she doesn't like dating male demons and prefers humans.
When the employees of El Mañana heard the detonations, they threw themselves on the floor, while others suffered nervous breakdowns.  --  Other celebrated visitors included German novelist and playwright Gerhart Hauptmann, German artist Christian Schad, French writers René Crevel and André Gide, Russian director Sergei Eisenstein, and American poet Elsa Gidlow.
In vast state incubators, rows upon rows of gravid bottles will supply the world with the population it requires.  --  These images create a desensitization regarding this particular type of aggressive behavior constructing a reality that silences women and the violence committed against women's bodies.
In June that year, Life magazine called him the "greatest master of melodrama in screen history".  --  The middle sister gave her a needle that would sew on its own and sent her on to the youngest sister.
Zarchy's trumpet can be heard on recordings as Benny Goodman's "Bugle Call Rag", Glenn Miller's "Moonlight Cocktail", and Bob Crosby's "South Rampart Street Parade".  --  Alien ArsenalPrimary weapon of choice is a Rannian laser pistol among other assorted weapons and munitions picked up from across the galaxy.
Elred Kumar's scripted his next production Muppozhudhum Un Karpanaigal (2012), starring Adharvaa Murali and Amala Paul, with Ganesh Vinayak signed on as director.  --  In contrast to temporary migration, circular migration allows the worker to simultaneously be engaged with both the home and host countries.
Disability inclusion On November 1, 2016, the foundation hosted a disability inclusion round table to address the underrepresentation of people with disabilities in film and TV.  --  He is said to have entered the tunnel playing his fiddle, which could be heard above ground.
In May 1936 the SS magazine Das Schwarze Korps attacked his expressionist and experimental poetry as degenerate, Jewish, and homosexual.  --  In genetic programming (GP) a linear tree is a program composed of a variable number of unary functions and a single terminal.
Record companies came to Greenville to recruit talent.  --  The Doctor shows them a newspaper to convince them otherwise, and Anat demands to know who the Doctor is.
Holland first heard the Native American flute at a concert Webster University near St. Louis in 1994.  --  23 were the first production-model submachine guns with a telescoping bolt, which the bolt wraps around the barrel, which made the vz.
The Orlando Sentinel reported that the Cobra's Curse was nearly completed by June 6, 2016 when the park released a construction update and another POV video of the roller coaster.  --  One night in 1940 an oil hose leaked in one of the buildings at Camden Forge and set the interior walls on fire.
When we played Wembley, Salman showed up in person and the stadium erupted.  --  The KPU was banned and its leader detained after political unrest related to Kenyatta's visit to Nyanza Province that resulted in the Kisumu massacre.
President Zia constantly had to gauge how much he could "make the pot boil" in Afghanistan without provoking a Soviet invasion of his own country.  --  Each plate in Contrasts selected a type of urban building and contrasted the 1830 example with its 15th-century equivalent.
It was the first electric stringed instrument of any kind and was the first electric stringed instrument to be heard on a commercial recording.  --  The New York Concert Review wrote that "Albright is a pianist whose name music-lovers will be hearing more and more.
Sabien, originally a drummer, took up the violin to fill a gap in his local youth orchestra and developed his love for jazz after hearing the jazz violinist Stephane Grappelli.  --  Despite the mutual tensions, the director rated Scheider highly, did not hold any grudges, and regretted he did not receive more recognition for his body of work.
Later in the war a V-1's engine was reportedly heard to cut out, and came down at Grange Moor, to the west of the town.  --  Contains seven works for violin solo and violin with one other instrument performed by Danielle BelénYael Manor Elixir (2015), produced by ACA.
Clark returned to SHAPE following the summit and briefed the press on the continued bombing operations.  --  Punk historian and author Chris Walter released an official biography of the band, What No One Else Wanted to Say, via GFY Press.
Skin Two Rubber BallThe magazine hosts this ball for fetish-related wear and people into fetishism and BDSM in general.  --  In the same interview, Borges also criticized famed poet and playwright Federico García Lorca, who was abducted by Nationalist soldiers and executed without trial during the Spanish Civil War.
While the airliner is still on the ground at Rome, one of the pilots disables the hijacker by activating a fire extinguisher, and the hijacker is overpowered and arrested.  --  There is a variety of such food and drink competitions worldwide, where the taste and quality of products are assessed.
On 16 October 1951 the military tribunal of the Carpathian Military District sentenced Mykhailo Stakhur to death by hanging: the court hall applauded the announcement of the verdict.  --  Throughout Hendrix was beset by technical problems (during "Machine Gun" the security personnel's radio is clearly heard through Hendrix's amplifier).
B Company heard the unidentified vehicles for roughly 20 minutes before they shut down.  --  Superheated steam boilerWhen water is boiled the result is saturated steam, also referred to as "wet steam."
Maneuvering a captured light howitzer into position, they fired double canister down the bridge and got within  of the enemy.  --  His success at such a young age set the foundation for a lifetime of performances, composing, and music production.
If the offstage players are in an adjoining hallway or room behind the stage area, they may not be able to see the conductor or hear the orchestra.  --  He went to Chicago, Illinois in late 1917 to play trombone with the Bert Kelly Jass Band.
Many French critics condemned the show for negatively stereotyping Parisians and the French.  --  The brand still has a positive appeal among consumers", evaluated a company director.
The platter is then covered with the cold toppings (shredded lettuce, tomatoes, salsa, jalapeños, etc.)  --  During Kristallnacht Faulhaber provided the Chief Rabbi of Munich a truck to save the synagogue's possessions before it was destroyed.
On this song and part of the so-called 'Suite' one can also hear a guitarist, who unfortunately is not mentioned in the album credits.  --  The band also quotes the following musical influences: Cursive, My Bloody Valentine, Nirvana, Radiohead, Elliott Smith, Queens Of The Stone Age, David Bowie, Arcade Fire, Idlewild, Björk, and Kate Bush.
What constitutes proof of the scienter was something that troubled the court, but it was established that it would be a topic for another time.  --  Leaders  André D'Allemagne (1960-1961) Marcel Chaput (1961-1962) Guy Pouliot (1962-1964) Pierre Bourgault (1964-1968)Publication The party had its own periodical, published monthly, then biweekly.
Although the terms of the contract had specified that the cinema should stay open, this clause was ignored.  --  The band's sound is driven by haphazard, non-traditional drumming and ultra-low, detuned, fuzzed guitar and bass.
Artillery, mortars, small arms, and canister-firing 37-millimeter guns cut down the repeated Japanese assaults, forcing the decimated units to withdraw.  --  It implements a subset of the PL/I language requiring all strings and arrays to have fixed extents, thus simplifying the run-time environment.
Alice (A) would like to contact her bank (B).  --  It was probably some machine that nobody heard", Shatner said in a September 2002 interview. "
The main opposition came from Lord Beaverbrook, whose Daily Express newspaper repeatedly ridiculed the ballot; however most major newspapers were supportive.  --  A minor protest in Bristol of 1,000 demonstrator on 13 May 2015—six days after the election result—protested the £12bn of welfare cuts planned to be enacted by 2018.
Lee decides his best chance to promote the film is to convince the press the couple have reunited.  --  Another way to subjugate them is by inserting a needle to their skin or dress.
It is followed by the dance song "Venom Cable", with a funk guitar line and an organ heard during the middle eight.  --  In 1753, Grimm began writing a newsletter, the La Correspondance littéraire, philosophique et critique, which he would send to various high personages in Europe.
Sinclair's then Washington bureau chief, Jon Lieberman, publicly condemned the expected broadcast in an interview in  The Baltimore Sun:It's biased political propaganda, with clear intentions to sway this election.  --  The record was praised by Elvis Costello, for whom Sexsmith later opened.
O'Brien made national headlines in April 2009 when footballer Frank Lampard phoned his show to object to tabloid stories about his private life and O'Brien's discussion of them.  --  In May 2005, the fashion designer Azzedine Alaïa exhibited Denise Poiret's wardrobe in a show called "Free Creativity" (La Création en Liberté) in his showroom before it was auctioned.
Soloists from around the world regularly join the TPO for performances and have praised the orchestra for its growth and development in such a short period of time.  --  In April 1866, a Baltimore, Maryland barber shop was destroyed and its occupants injured when a leaking gas pipe under the floor exploded, throwing them against the ceiling.
By the second half of the 16th Century, the political voice of citizens was nearly totally suppressed.  --  The strings-led mid-tempo song chronicles Petruo's fallout with her father, actor Thomas Petruo, and their subsequent reconciliation.
She also praised the show's costume designer, Jenn Rogien, for Morello's "transformative" style.  --  Thereafter, he began a massive program of monumental construction, paradigmatic for which was the state temple called the Bayon.
OFAM and the Hult Center routinely draw major jazz talent for concerts.  --  Philips Medication Dispensing System   A "bubble gum" style table top dispenser that releases pills at pre-programmed times, while providing audio and visual reminders.
As the press shaped public opinion, much of the public's attention was directed at the police and the prosecution, whom they expected to bring Phagan's killer to justice.  --  The treatment process coats objects using a pulsed plasma-enhanced chemical vapor deposition apparatus at room temperature.
She prepares to commit suicide with her father's shotgun, but hears a helicopter.  --  The same applied in general to computers with an EISA bus, for which the configuration program was called an EISA Configuration Utility (ECU).
In 1971, Cue magazine wrote that, from mid-1966 to late 1967, the Beach Boys "were among the vanguard in practically every aspect of the counter culture".  --  A typical example of linear equipment is a high fidelity audio amplifier, which must amplify a signal without changing its waveform.
In its July 2009 Best of America feature, Reader's Digest magazine honored the Procession of the Species with the top spot in its "can't resist" parades and processions list.  --  Tudor historian John Leland called Neath Abbey "the fairest abbey of all Wales."
On 6 September 1853, Carneiro Leão was appointed President of the Council of Ministers and charged with organizing a new cabinet.  --  At 12 in 1954, Lymon heard a local doo-wop group known as the Coupe De Villes at a school talent show.
In the first round, they had 30 minutes to cook a vegetarian platter for the judges and their families.  --  He contributed what MacDonald described as "a startling guitar solo" on the Harrison composition "Taxman" and the "shrieking" guitar on "Sgt.
When a supermarket tabloid told a version of the story, I used the fact that the story contained many falsities to deny it.  --  The organ is praised for its singing Praestants with their subtle response, its colourful flutes, and rich-toned reeds that enable a wide variety of combinations.
The only clue they had was from a witness, who had heard a motorcycle leaving the crime scene.  --  A nuclear bunker buster, also known as an earth-penetrating weapon (EPW), is the nuclear equivalent of the conventional bunker buster.
The media ridiculed the case, and she appeared several times on late-night television.  --  Francis wears a shield generator that shocks anyone who tries to touch him without permission.
Rimsky-Korsakov wrote that after Rubinstein heard the quartet, he commented that now Rimsky-Korsakov "might amount to something" as a composer.  --  Pledges were forced to drink jugs of liquid believed to be a mixture of ketchup and Tabasco sauce and perform calisthenics all night.
West later performed the song for the tour's concert at the theater of Madison Square Garden in New York City on November 3, while wearing a designer off-white blazer.  --  Celebrated Italian director Federico Fellini often praised this film, and his Nights of Cabiria refers to it.
The program, called the Federal Select Agent Program, calls for inspections of labs in the U.S. that work with dangerous pathogens.  --  The group was widely recognized for its publication of two journals and its work to defend the right to live in Poland.
The group's founder John Lydon, the former lead singer for the Sex Pistols, told the press that disco was the only music he cared for at the time.  --  Insulted, Kikuchiyo rings the village alarm, prompting the villagers to come out and beg for protection.
In 1987, the owner, Mr Ralph Neeld approached the local education authority to discuss the possibility of renting the property for use as a history resource.  --  In the verses immediately following this saying, in both gospels, the onlookers who hear Jesus' cry mistakenly believe him to be calling for help from Elijah.
He hears a distant freight train and rides toward it.  --  ReceptionAllMusic writes that the tracks utilize "penetrating wit and funk-infused beats, accompanied by grand orchestrations of commanding horns, pronounced percussion, and various string elements".
The gravitational pull of the planets determines where the dust trail would pass by Earth orbit, much like a gardener directing a hose to water a distant plant.  --  In the 20th century, the instrument was commonly performed during  spirit possession ceremonies in a style called .
Shortly after Barnes's unfortunate appearance on television, the Sun newspaper disclosed a 'close friendship' between Boyd and a married former Conservative councillor; Boyd was suspended in June 2014.  --  The sword, stolen by Ammon Jerro in the first battle against the King of Shadows, is the only weapon that can resist the enemy's power.
With their senses failing, they must confront not only their feelings for each other, but also a creature they can only hear.  --  News operationIn August 1957, WROC-TV began airing the area's first 11 o'clock broadcast called Eleventh Hour News.
In 1994, the opening of Someplace Else (a pub which also hosts live music) changed the rock scene in Kolkata.  --  She is seen using such things as skis, a motorbike, a hang glider, a Sinclair C5, and playing the tuba.
Religious libertyFor over 120 years, The Adventist church has actively promoted freedom of religion for all people, regardless of faith.  --  A musician fluent in fixed do reading the parts in mezzo-soprano clef can ascertain the absolute pitches and use those to extrapolate function.
Just before his column engaged the allied forces, Collingwood said to his officers: "Now, gentlemen, let us do something today which the world may talk of hereafter."  --  The route approaches the town centre from the east, passing over The Nower, then crossing the junction between South Street and Horsham Road.
On November 23, 2010, North Korean artillery shelled Yeonpyeong with dozens of rounds at Yeonpyeong-ri and the surrounding area.  --  The LEO computer room, which took up around 2,500 square feet of floor space, was at Cadby Hall in Hammersmith.
The helicopter can be heard approaching as Sadie lies motionless on the ice.  --  See Dewaniya The Majlis is the title of a Muslim periodical published in South Africa.
By the end of the decade, the state auditor was paying the bond debt, but not debts owed to teachers or to localities which had built public schools.  --  It belongs to a man who is leaning against a parked car drinking a carton of milk.
That same year, the state honored Fairfield Superintendent Les Meyer as Superintendent of the Year.  --  Six-stringed instruments are coming back into popularity after a lot of updates.
CompositionAfter the start of the song, which includes vocal chatter, the song kicks off with a standard drum beat: kick, snare and hi-hat, and synthesizers are heard soon afterward.  --  Both reactors composed the Submarine Advanced Reactor (SAR) program, a joint venture between the U.S. Navy, Atomic Energy Commission (AEC), and General Electric.
The 20 mm cannon also destroyed a large number of (unarmoured) support vehicles, laden with fuel and ammunition for the armoured vehicles.  --  As Mulder and Scully drive away, a wolf is heard howling in the forest.
Witnesses heard an aircraft flying low, saw that its cockpit was illuminated and then it crashed.  --  September 2007 MIT students adorned the John Harvard statue in Harvard Yard with a Halo MJOLNIR armor helmet and assault rifle to commemorate the release of Halo 3.
The park also publishes a visitor's newsletter, The Raven, six times a year – two issues in spring, two in summer, one in the fall, and one in the winter.  --  At least three-quarters of the attacks were directed at black, Hispanic or Muslim students, but the report also found 45 cases of students being attacked because they were Trump supporters.
ThisDay awards The THISDAY Awards, in which the newspaper honors leading lights of the society for sectoral performances and lifetime achievements, has become a much sought after event.  --  The Autobiography of Alice B. Toklas (1933)The publication of The Autobiography of Alice B. Toklas lifted Gertrude Stein from literary obscurity to almost immediate celebrity in the United States.
Although he didn't tour with them, Mazurek's fiddle is heard on a number of recordings by the band Max Mouse and the Gorillas.  --  A board of directors was established to guide the program, composed of six (currently ten) Regional Representatives elected by members from each of seven geographical regions throughout North America.
After a two-bar episode similar to the violin duet, the whole orchestra and chorus are heard in line 9, with rolling quavers, in contrary motion.  --  The plant terminates in a dichotomous cyme, with a peduncle supporting each flower.
In 1853, as the baritone/euphonium voice became accepted in military and popular bands for the first time, Cadwallader Thomas became bandmaster of the Coldstream Guards.  --  The IMC, with five screens and located on Kickham Street, is the town's only remaining cinema.
There isn't a wailing guitar in sight". "  --  When this happens, the replay system signals the scheduler to stop, then repeatedly executes the failed string of dependent operations until they have completed successfully.
Dr. Strangelove Dr. Strangelove is an ex-Nazi scientist, suggesting Operation Paperclip, the US effort to recruit top German technical talent at the end of World War II.  --  The 2nd phase is where the bands are invited to the hearing in the Music School's auditorium where they perform in front of The Arts Committee of the festival.
Common sense assesses narrative coherence and fidelity.  --  He overpowers the crowd with his gloomy eyes, tight lips, wide-open body, and loud voice.
The program honors persons who made "major contributions to the progress and welfare" of Florida.  --  The source of municipal water is from a reservoir intermittently filled from the Kobuk River.
The world's oldest English-speaking chamber of commerce and oldest chamber of commerce in North America is the Halifax Chamber of Commerce, founded in 1750.  --  Praise needs to be given for the dew and rain which supply the earth.
Near the LP version's fade-out, the brass play a citation of the Jazz tune Topsy.  --  Because of the volatility of the creosote, the atmosphere was filled with a vapour containing it, and it would cover the flesh.
A loud and knowledgeable stadium fully cheering on the USMNT in Portland created an atmosphere that "took years for any other American city to match".  --  Before their rendezvous, Julie buys a bottle of arak and injects a syringe of poison into it.
It is now brewing the Pig Pub Brewery cask conditioned beers which are all served within the pub and also at a sister pub located in Leicester City Centre.  --  HydraulicSome Diesel engines from six to 16 cylinders are started by means of a hydraulic motor.
In addition, Sharif Hussein employed the publication to justify his revolt against the Ottoman Empire.  --  Somewhere on Gallifrey there is also an institute called the Academy, which the Doctor and various other Time Lords have attended.
In some boroughs, the so-called potwallopers, this actually reduced the electorate as they had previously granted the vote to any man with a hearth big enough to boil a cauldron.  --  One player would sit in an isolation booth, and the partner would stand outside the booth in front of a rack, on which letters representing the answer were placed.
A financial instrument or investment strategy that follows a Holy Grail distribution is a perfect hedge to an instrument that follows the Taleb distribution.  --  As Bean prepares to read his book and eat his cake, a wasp suddenly buzzes around his spot and refuses to leave him alone, irritating him.
Allegedly, the clock could be heard four miles away, and people synchronised their watches with the sound of the tower's bell.  --  Since 2002, Stralsund's old town with its rich heritage is honored as a UNESCO World Heritage Site, along with Wismar in Mecklenburg.
The prewar South had many rich areas; the war left the entire region economically devastated by military action, ruined infrastructure, and exhausted resources.  --  Poe leaves to find Baby-O a syringe to give him insulin, meeting Larkin and informing him of the situation.
However, Wilson cancelled the event at the last moment, without notifying the press or fans, and no explanation was given.  --  In 1985, RFC 959 officially defined a pathname to be the character string that must be entered into a file system by a user in order to identify a file.
The park released a statement that the guest was secured at all times, and that the collar serves the purpose of guest comfort only.  --  NutritionA cup serving of raw, fresh orange juice, amounting to 248 grams or 8 ounces, has 124 mg of vitamin C (>100% RDI).
He also claimed to have heard the creature near Comox Lake in 1992, comparing its whooping sound to that of a chimpanzee.  --  He is then given a journal by his father that reveals his ancestor came across a Hellspawn in the past known as the Gunslinger Spawn.
In tone, the magazine borrowed some of the irreverent in-house style of both Crash!  --  She also wanted the track's brass and horns to sound triumphant, testing out a tenor and baritone saxophone as well as the trumpet; Laura Sisk oversaw this during engineering.
During roll out the aircraft contacted a snow bank on the runway which caused the nose gear to collapse.  --  The pickup truck was recovered on Interstate 20 in Mississippi three days later.
Rosemary's parents take them to hear a jazz pianist at The Carlyle, where the young twosome finally hold hands.  --  On old maps Point Cranstal is named as "Shellag Point" and a hamlet named Cranstal is marked close to it, but this has long since disappeared.
The conservative press even attacked Böll's 1972 Nobel Prize, arguing that it was awarded only to "liberals and left-wing radicals".  --  Krazy serves each of them a mug of his beverages.
In November 2007, French told an Irish tabloid that she had used cocaine, but had stopped.  --  He was the composer of the air known as Lochaber, first printed by Thomas Duffet in 1676.
They then hear the truck.  --  The dish is generally eaten directly out of the pan in which  it was cooked, using either a spoon or a simple slice of bread.
Pack, through his foundation, had provided $200,000 to open the museum and pay its operating cost, so the museum initially charged no admission.  --  The entire pot of dolmas are cooked in sumac flavored water.
The speech was well received by the public, but less so by the press, who strongly attacked Nixon's allegations that only a minority of Americans opposed the war.  --  Other notable musicians at the court during this period included the composer and violinist Salomone Rossi, Rossi's sister, the singer Madama Europa, and Francesco Rasi.
National & Provincial (now merged with Abbey National) were sponsors for the 1986–87 season before the club signed an agreement with the Sunday Independent which would last for five seasons.  --  Huang helps Guo write a fake copy of the book, with some changes to the text that only a really seasoned martial artist with the sense of contentment  can detect.
Johnson approached Noida authority for a Mass centre.  --  The cafe was spread out on three floors, the first floor was a wardrobe, the second and third café dining rooms.
The town of Huntington, New York has prohibited self-service stations since the early 1970s firstly to prevent theft and later due to safety concerns.  --  In return for her kindness, Sullivan retrieves his car from his estate and gives her a ride.
Early Hollywood careerWhen Hollywood began to recruit New York theater talent for sound films, Cukor immediately answered the call.  --  October was formed as a politically-charged journal that introduced American readers to the ideas of French post-structuralism, made popular by Michel Foucault and Roland Barthes.
Various patriotic and nationalist organizations such as the American Legion were vitriolic, with the National Legionnaire magazine mocking the "Pansies of Princeton" in verse.  --  A monthly newsletter was produced entitled Quota News, and trophies were awarded to the best performing districts and salesmen.
In June 2020, he was criticised online, particularly by Green Party councillors, for his use of the phrase "you nigger" when quoting director Sean Gallen on his experiences of racism.  --  Also that year, the group toured with Bob Dylan, as heard on the album Dylan & the Dead.
Instrumentation The work calls for solo violin accompanied by an orchestra with the following instrumentation.  --  Car hire for self-drive is not recommended in Libya, although it is possible to hire a vehicle from agents in larger hotels.
She hears the helicopter from the game flying pass.  --  But while pounding corn, the Bradfords missed hearing the garrison's alarm gun.
From 1933 to 1937, she advised the housing division of the New Deal agency the Public Works Administration.  --  NotesReferencesFurther reading   (Previous edition published as )   (Non-aqueous solvents)  (translation editor: Mary R. Masson)   Chapter 4: Solvent Effects on the Position of Homogeneous Chemical Equilibria.
Trabert said afterwards: "Trying to stop Lew in that final set was like fighting a machine gun with a rubber knife".  --  Warner Bros., encouraged by Beatty, decided to re-release the film in New York in August 1971 with a new advertising campaign at the Coronet theatre where it performed better.
They then had to tap the keg and properly pour a mug to the satisfaction of the brewmaster.  --  While coaching at OU, Wilkinson began writing a weekly newsletter to alumni during the season, to keep them interested in Sooner football.
After publication of this information, Donastorg's attorney notified the newspaper that he would sue over the article.  --  New building at Pride Park has obliterated all traces of the canal in that area.
With "Nana's Party", the writers wanted to produce something "dark" and "suburban", with Pemberton citing the playwright Alan Ayckbourn as an influence.  --  Each compromised device, known as a "bot," is created when a device is penetrated by software from a malware (malicious software) distribution.
In 1929, under Sparks, the magazine also adopted its current name, The Diary of Alpha Kappa Psi.  --  When the lake is full, it has the same salinity level as seawater, but becomes hypersaline as the lake dries up and the water evaporates.
Culture and mediaThe local newspaper, the Andersonstown News, voices an Irish Republican viewpoint.  --  A farming boycott began in 2009 in protest for those people detained or "disappeared" into Chinese custody.
By pouring down the jug into a basin, a fish will come out with glass scales, glistening like mirrors.  --  The eccentric novelist and artist Frederick Rolfe studied at Oscott from 1887, but left after it was decided he was an unsuitable candidate for the priesthood.
Monell held that recovery from a municipality is limited to acts that are, properly speaking, "of the municipality," i.e., acts that the municipality has officially sanctioned or ordered.  --  MusicKenmochi is mainly in charge of music production, composing, arranging, and songwriting.
Lead Belly also said he heard boogie-woogie piano in the Fannin Street district of Shreveport, Louisiana.  --  Locate and close a valve near a leaking pipe.
Tina explains that as soon as that happened, they heard not only police squad cars but also a helicopter.  --  A scientist in Andre Sakharov's theoretical lab recalled the test in a collective book of memoirs.
Avicenna's commentaries on Aristotle often criticized the philosopher, encouraging a lively debate in the spirit of ijtihad.  --  Its electronic production is composed of airy synths, added bells, and a whistled hook, connected by a tropical breeze.
He sought a Canadian voice independent of London in foreign affairs.  --  There are also marching B French horns with a bell-front configuration.
In the 1970s, as well as live music, the pub also hosted live comedy.  --  The room featured no other paintings, with the only lighting in the room directed towards the work.
Upon hearing the conch-shells Lenormand de Mezy is frightened and manages to hide.  --  The first production by the company, Ibéra was composed by Isaac Albéniz, based on Spanish themes suited both Ari's dark appearance and her dancing style.
Lincoln attacked the media for such behavior, and ordered a military seizure of the two papers which lasted for two days.  --  AACC publishes a research journal called the Community College Journal.
Data visualisation is a data analytics technique, which is used to engage the human brain into finding patterns in data.  --  Some software analyzes the loudness of the music for automatic normalization with ReplayGain and detects the musical key.
Gorelick is a lobbyist for the lending industry fighting student loan reform.  --  It was only in 2009 that the drainage pipes were conducted underground which bring water into the sewage system.
As the song develops, a steady bass and synthesizers are heard.  --  Leading 13-4 after 17 minutes and 23–16 at halftime, the Blues demonstrated, silencing the 15,000 fans in red and white. "
He attacked the show as "filth that contradicts his moral values" and said that he was "sick of being a part of it".  --  At a campus festival, a jazz drummer heard Toku play Miles Davis' version of If I Were a Bell.
In response to the conditions, Kayhan newspaper condemned Khatami as "a spy and traitor" and called for his execution.  --  Another alternative is to use a normal 5 or 10 cc syringe inserted directly into the anus.
The genesis of the Design Exchange was a citizen movement seeking a centre that would celebrate the role of design in society.  --  18 July – Nelson Mandela, the jailed anti-apartheid leader, is awarded the freedom of the City of Dublin.
Many reacted with surprise both to Stumpf's initial unwillingness to resign and the bank's blaming the problem on lower-level employees.  --  In reality, no power amplification occurs, because all of the energy to produce sound comes from the vibrating string.
The government intimidates independent and foreign media, especially for reporting on the deteriorating economy and human-rights abuses.  --  The costume designer, Kristen Clark exhibited the musical at the 2017 World Stage Design in Taipei, Taiwan.
VoiceMost people hear the barking owl rather than see it as it has a loud and explosive voice.  --  A forward Australian standing patrol from D Company subsequently clashed heavily with the PVA probe, losing five wounded before directing tank and artillery fire, which dispersed their attackers.
Today, Karamata is the most frequently cited Serbian mathematician.  --  The preimage in G of the center of G/Z is called the second center and these groups begin the upper central series.
The Stern magazine in Germany phoned Harry and asked if he could arrange a photograph of all the groups in Liverpool.  --  In the west, Poltava was taken on July 31, and In the south-west, Red forces were defeated in Northern Tavria and west of Yekaterinoslav.
However, when Macdonald ran into difficulties in organizing this cabinet, Tupper stepped aside in favour of Edward Kenny.  --  These mini albums can be constructed and hand made from scratch.
The bass drum and tuba emphasise a hemiola rhythm while a solo euphonium plays the inversion in a minor key.  --  Zecharias Frankel, also known as Zacharias Frankel (30 September 1801 – 13 February 1875) was a Bohemian-German rabbi and a historian who studied the historical development of Judaism.
Its newsletter stated, "our goal is to build a solid, broad-based anti-imperialist movement of Asian people against the war in Vietnam."  --  Attitude" featured John Varvatos seeking inspiration at a record store in Brooklyn and record under his arm and into his Chrysler 300. "
It is a porridge, a thick boiled grain dish—hence its name, which derives from the Latin word frumentum, "grain".  --  A high-necked garment which opens at the back can also be quickly pulled on without disturbing one's hair.
As late as 1681 the port of Pasaia alone sent twelve whaling galleons to Terranova.  --  Wing-to-wingIn this method, similar to the probe-and-drogue method but more complicated, the tanker aircraft released a flexible hose from its wingtip.
AIM blamed the U.S. media for the loss in the Vietnam War.  --  During this process some goons who are captured by the constable reach there.
A solo flute is heard accompanied by violins as well as a section with wind-band scoring.  --  However, Hae Mosu woke up in the middle of the travel, and ran away to the Heaven alone by cutting the leather bag with Yuhwa's golden hairpin.
In 1946, Leslie Graham, the actor who had bought their farm, claimed in the press that he had shot and killed Gef.  --  The Friends run a visitor centre near Pembroke Lodge, organise a programme of walks and education activities for young people, and produce a quarterly newsletter.
Each member gave interviews with press discussing their interests, with guitarist Pat Smear talking to guitar and fashion magazines.  --  The Canadian poet Bliss Carman should also be mentioned for his contribution to Pierrot's dissemination in mass-market publications like Harper's.)
On Pink Floyd's The Wall album (1979), on track 16 titled "Nobody Home", a television can be heard in the background.  --  Laurent Korcia (born 1964) is a French violinist who studied at the Conservatoire National Supérieur de Musique de Paris.
The Third CabinetKim Hong-jip's third cabinet was organized after the Qing-Japanese war.  --  Another reggaeton artist, Anuel AA, questioned her place as the "Queen of Reggaeton" since she had not had a hit in seven years.
In the 2010s, the neighborhood has increasingly supported Democrats, such as City Councilmember Justin Brannan (elected in 2017).  --  They met with top fashion designer, Nathan Jenden and were told they each had to model an outfit on the catwalk.
Tamil magazine Ananda Vikatan appreciated the film stating "Sivaji's acting was fantastic in the role and the film totally fulfilled the expectations of everyone".  --  Polyphonte became a small owl whose voice is heard at night.
Bhutto issued a statement on the tests and told the international press that she condemned the Indian nuclear tests. "  --  Nevertheless, the influence of the Bourbaki school in mathematics education lived on, as the Soviet mathematician Vladimir Arnold recalled in a 1995 interview.
Fried green tomatoes are a culinary dish usually found in the Southern United States, made from unripe (green) tomatoes coated with cornmeal and fried.  --  It is often reported that, when a pianist hears a well-trained piece of music, synonymous fingering can be involuntarily triggered.
Because the game had no draw phase, this mechanism had to be used with care to avoid exhausting one's hand.  --  A police officer who arrests random people for doing normal things such as painting a fence, or eating a packet of crisps.
Laurer claimed that she "knew it was coming" because of how the media ridiculed Smith, and she drew parallels between the plight of Smith and herself.  --  The Assured Way church publishes an official monthly periodical called The Greater Light.
Ortega told the press that the "revolutions of Iran and Nicaragua are almost twin revolutions...since both revolutions are about justice, liberty, self-determination, and the struggle against imperialism."  --  The editor praised "the careful observations of Professor Zeeman from his observatory in Zonnemaire".
In 1976 Theodore Sturgeon wrote that Lem was the most widely read science fiction writer in the world.  --  In either case, a keytar needs to be connected to a keyboard amplifier or PA system to produce a sound that the performer and audience can hear.
The local entertainment tabloid got wind that something was up and had a conversation with the group.  --  A military academy or service academy is an educational institution which prepares candidates for service in the officer corps.
The nose flute is otherwise rarely heard.  --  Most who succeeded him as Blue Book director exhibited either apathy or outright hostility to the subject of UFOs or were hampered by a lack of funding and official support.
In September 2015, SRH signed an MoU with the Government of Gujarat which requires SRH to provide tertiary-level healthcare services to mothers referred to or approaching the hospital.  --  In 1959, jazz composer and arranger Jimmy Giuffre released Jimmy Giuffre and His Music Men Play The Music Man, consisting of jazz arrangements of tunes from the musical.
While lambasting most of Fortune's works as "rather vulgar pot-boiling journalism", the writer Francis X. King characterised The Mystical Qabalah as "undoubtedly a classic of the Western Tradition".  --  The holding tank can be safely emptied at a dump station.
She could hear a distant flute and it was as if she and this boy were both attracted by it.  --  It's fine for the artist to read and enjoy, but for accountants it was probably a very different proposition.
He recalls: I could hear the flute, the violin, the cello, the piano.  --  She happened to share her birthday date with the famous opera singer Placido Domingo, whom she had listened to performing Carmen at the Edinburgh Festival in 1977.
He was not able to influence the peace talks at the end of World War I, and was in later years a marginalized voice of protest.  --  Angry landowners who had not been paid drained Bunbury reservoir in March 1782, but somehow the committee managed to keep the canal open, by selling boats and land.
It was to shore up his own claim to the throne that he agreed to marry his first cousin, Princess Mary.  --  After she was named the winner, studio chief Harry Cohn sent someone to "drag her off" the train, which had not departed, to take her to the ceremony.
The IOC verified that curling was officially part of the program, after the Glasgow Herald newspaper filed a claim on behalf of the families of the team.  --  It was believed that the leaking water pipe had caused the incident.
In 2014 Pope Francis appointed Patten to head a body to advise the Vatican on media strategy and on how to handle the press, which he remained on until 2016.  --  In a 1–0 defeat to Sheffield United that season, one journalist praised Brook's enthusiasm stating that he was 'half-back, outside right, outside left and centre-forward just about rolled into one'.
Rosemary's parents take them to hear a jazz pianist at The Carlyle, where the young twosome finally hold hands.  --  Some five-and-dime stores make it by slicing open a bag of Frito's and adding the rest of the ingredients.
One can hear his flute in films like "His Highness Abdullah" (Malayalam) and "Nizhalgal" (Tamil).  --  Even with one foot in Charon's boat, Fredman drains his last mug of ale.
However, because these Chinese tanks were dispersed with the infantry, tank to tank battles with UN forces were uncommon.  --  Terry ends up knocking Andy out and pours a bucket of water to save him.
Gone was the former hand-engaged front PTO in favor of an electric clutch.  --  In 1944 Fischer intervened in an attempt to get his friend Martin Heidegger, the Nazi philosopher, released from service in the Volkssturm militia.
On many occasions, he has offered criticisms of specific publishers, as when he criticized Wizard magazine for ageism.  --  The society also publishes a newsletter, the IEEE Leader, which covers issues ranging from education to entrepreneurship.
In 1952, Talma heard Irving Fine's serial but tonally-centered string quartet and immediately began working with serial approaches and techniques in her works.  --  The rifles were equipped with an oval-shape walnut or walnut-varnished stock and steel butt plate.
At the time, Brazilian law barred any party from addressing the media on the days prior to election day.  --  A tajine or tagine is a North African dish, named after the earthenware pot in which it is cooked.
In a rare moment of vulnerability, Dante reveals the loneliness of life at sea, although when he is on land, he hears the ocean calling to him ("Ocean Is Different").  --  Atomizer was a polarizing record that was praised in the national press and became an underground success, surpassing the band's expectations by selling three thousand copies soon after its release.
Though the Belgian administration informed the council that it disapproved of the cooperative, Rwagasore convinced the body to support him.  --  In that same interview, Young said he was influenced by "the great studio drummers of the 1970s and to some degree, every musician that I've ever heard or seen."
She would often handle the press for her husband, who was shy.  --  Liquid propellants are generally mixed by the injector at the top of the combustion chamber, which directs many small swift-moving streams of fuel and oxidizer into one another.
The publication employs approximately 75 people.  --  The editor, Nollaig Ó Muraíle, had been studying the book since 1971.
The cataclysmic explosion was heard  away in Alice Springs, Australia, and on the island of Rodrigues near Mauritius,  to the west.  --  Bomber, the third album of the rock group Motörhead, was named after the novel, as the band's singer, Lemmy, was reading it at the time.
They want him to wise up, and he is at the point of doing so when he hears a truck in the distance.  --  Another trade union leader, Gheorghe Brașoveanu, was confined to a psychiatric institution while the prominent opponent Vasile Paraschiv underwent harsh psychiatric treatment.
In 1995, similar considerations informed the Teuco-Guzzini building in Recanati.  --  This definition deals purely with introducing micro-organisms into a sterile product, and there is no consideration of the sterile product coming out of the vial contaminating the environment.
The orchestra of Seymour Simon was also heard on Accordiana.  --  Schnitzel is cooked at home as well as picked up on-the-go and consists of meat covered in egg, flour and breadcrumbs.
As a result, the entire office speaks ill of Suguna.  --  In later editions of his essay he included a fifth playwright, Harold Pinter.
It is a non-profit, non-governmental, IRS 501(c)(3) tax-exempt charitable organization that advises its member programs and sets operational standards for Crime Stoppers organizations across the United States and its territories.  --  The structure of crème fraîche consists of an acid gel composed of milk protein-covered fat globules that tend to agglomerate together.
The Bayonet Constitution allowed the King to appoint his cabinet but placed that cabinet under the sole authority of the legislature.  --  The lake was a freshwater lake replenished by groundwater and runoff from neighbouring mountains and might itself have been the source for the Nubian Sandstone Aquifer System.
The press largely ridiculed Monroe and she was parodied in the Broadway play Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter? (  --  Remembering the early years in 2012, Doug Grey describes the band as being like ''a bowl of soup like your mom would cook.
This dish seemed to be eaten not only by commoners.  --  The lady then takes the gentleman to a fancy restaurant where she orders expensive drinks and refreshments, all to Bulgaran's expense.
The collaborationist press, which were allied with the Nazis, despised the book.  --  In 1938, she was the first performer to be heard in Japan.
Visitors interested in caving should contact the visitor center for current information on this policy.  --  In one of the best-remembered scenes of her film career, she bathes nude in a marble pool filled with asses' milk.
Network World magazine called vaporware an "epidemic" in 1989 and blamed the press for not investigating if developers' claims were true.  --  The director quotes Tarkovskij´s Stalker as the main influence for his film.
The conductor said he had never heard such an excellent violinist.  --  It organises a programme of lectures and other activities on historical topics and publishes a quarterly newsletter.
Its name comes from the sound it makes, which is akin to that of a boiling tea kettle.  --  The editor-in-chief of the Madjallah Panorama news magazine criticized Sin Po for misguiding the ethnic Chinese by pressuring them into a Chinese-nationalist stance.
After this middle section, the verses return, with Morrison, singing in a sadder tone to "make a grave for the Unknown Soldier," with a mysterious organ being heard.  --  He played trombone with the Rhythmaires, a 15-piece dance band, in both Montgomery and in service clubs and recreation halls on Maxwell.
However, when he sees the boys are not up to anything, Donald returns to the listening post and continues to hear the bee, imagining the sound is approaching Japanese forces.  --  1915 – World War I: The first naval attack on the Dardanelles begins when a strong Anglo-French task force bombards Ottoman artillery along the coast of Gallipoli.
Some praised the record for her songwriting, mixture of different styles, and contrast with other teen pop singers of the time, while others criticized the production as nondescript.  --  In her youth, she was a journalist, writing a neighborhood newsletter.
Assuming the title of samdech (prince), Sihanouk explained that this action was necessary in order to give him a free hand to engage in politics.  --  Later, the label demanded Savatage record the material themselves.
12 Rebellion R-One due to debris becoming lodged in the master switch which shut down the car and activated the fire extinguisher on the start/finish straight.  --  The track's electronic production is composed of an insistent drum beat, "floating" synthesisers and influences of spoken word, folktronica and Brit soul.
He also coordinated with local police departments on the Boston Strangler case, although the press mocked him for permitting an alleged psychic to participate in the investigation.  --  The director, Luc Jacquet, has condemned such comparisons between penguins and humans.
Mtetwa was placed under arrest after requesting the production of a valid search warrant and an inventory list of items that had already been removed.  --  Other developments In an editorial published by Ta Kung Pao, a pro-China newspaper, pro-China commentator Wut Wing-yin voiced out support for the national security law.
Characteristics Exposure to extreme temperature and oxygen accounts for Madeira's stability; an opened bottle will survive unharmed indefinitely.  --  A swinging bucket of water is poured twice per minute into the basin, which is meant to symbolize the water cycle.
The Deformed destroy the reservoir supplying Metamorphis with new cells, distracting him long enough to let Sylvain inject the syringe into Metamorphis which kills him.  --  In the hands of a lesser player, the Heckel bassoon can sound flat and woody, but good players succeed in producing a vibrant, singing tone.
Plantain porridge is also a common dish throughout the Caribbean, in which cooking bananas are boiled with milk, cinnamon, and nutmeg to form a thick porridge typically served at breakfast.  --  The composer recalled, "I have to admit that I have always been irritated by grand words, by calls for revenge.
Napoleon controlled the media and censored the news.  --  In 1802, a road was built to develop the port, which extended by 1835 to a breakwater with a navigational lighthouse at its end.
She treasures a special seashell that Mo gave her to hear the ocean.  --  However, a truck driven by Jordan rescues him.
In reality, the tank usually drains much more slowly.  --  He kills Quin and the remote and the whole place explodes.
With cutting back in fertilizer, not tilling the ground, and other processes comes the responsibility to feed the world.  --  The tank was recently drained because of illegal green sunfish stocking.
Concept A person asks the production to invite another person on the set to "make an important statement".  --  Without exercise he lies awake after midnight, restless, when he hears the communal grandfather clock strangely strike 13.
Miller also allegedly discharged a fire extinguisher, leaving a residue trail up to the second floor where police say they found a naked Miller sleeping on a couch.  --  Occasionally, the singer questions his partner about her expectations: "Should it be clear to me? /
While the men are driven off, the children stumble upon an old abandoned swamp cabin and hide inside when they hear the creature about.  --  Development began in August 1973, SPARS was renamed PAVE PAWS on 18 February 1975, and system production was requested by a 13 June 1975 Request for Proposals (RFP).
The media widely mocked the opening bill; four days after the Palace opened, Variety magazine printed an article entitled "Palace $2 Vaudeville a Joke: Double-Crossing Boomerang".  --  It remained a popular cinema through the 1970s and 1980s.
Earlier that day, he had heard the choir at St Paul's Cathedral singing Psalm 130, where the Psalmist calls to God "Out of the depths."  --  Student tabloid The Tab also publishes online content and has teams at both universities.
The stadium was named after its sponsors, the airline company Emirates, with whom the club signed the largest sponsorship deal in English football history, worth around £100 million.  --  On the September 13, 1993 Raw, Doink poured a pail of water over Bobby Heenan, marking his fan favorite turn.
The Party newspaper blames royalists and Rexists.  --  Brno continued production of the rifle, which progressively gained some K98k features as stocks of pre-war components were used up.
Emerson first heard a Moog synthesizer when a record shop owner played him Switched-On Bach (1968) by Wendy Carlos, and thought the instrument looked like "an electronic skiffle".  --  The journal mainly targets amateur research, but it includes professional research as well.
Impact When Koky Dishon worked for the Chicago Tribune, she influenced the newspaper so much that they called it the "sectional revolution."  --  Livestock may be castrated when used for food to prevent indiscriminate breeding, control aggression, and improve meat and carcass quality.
The broadcast of the film was criticized by several conservative US Senators, who vehemently objected to using taxpayer money to fund what they believed was pornography.  --  In the film the main character goes to a loud San Francisco bar, where one woman shouts to the musicians: "Cool!
Central High School's student newspaper The Little Green was commended by Columbia Scholastic Press and featured in the Manchester Daily Express as well as the New Hampshire Union Leader.  --  Special publicationsThe Old Gold & Black publishes a freshman tabloid the week before classes.
The experimental DeltaWing car driven by Michael Krumm suffered a heavy jolt on a kerb that activated its onboard fire extinguisher and the master electrical switch, disabling the engine.  --  The last event was in the mid-1950s, when a wading pool in Stewart Park disappeared into the sea.
Leading Ad Agencies approached this agency for design and 3D illustration and it won many accolades for its contribution to animation.  --  Yeojin Bae is a South Korean-born Australian women's wear fashion designer.
Later, McNamara calls a radio show to discuss her depression; Duke tells the entire school about the radio call the next day, and McNamara is bullied.  --  a monthly newsletter of media criticism, and also produces a weekly podcast and radio program called CounterSpin, which is aired on more than 150 stations throughout the United States.
New Naratif is an online journalism platform and independent media outlet that publishes content on Southeast Asian current affairs.  --  Poecilanthrax willistoni, Williston's bee fly or sand dune bee fly, is a member of the Bombyliidae insect family.
The museum charges no entrance fee and is entirely funded by public donations, corporate sponsorship, and local and European government grants.  --  To reach the cathedral, Garrett ventures through Old Quarter, a haunted, abandoned district of the City.
It also allowed the gaming press to capture screen shots more easily.  --  4 March 1933 – At Vriog, the locomotive of a Great Western Railway freight train is struck by falling rocks and pushed into the Irish Sea.
Manchester United and General Motors did not renew their sponsorship deal, and the club subsequently signed a five-year, £235m sponsorship deal with TeamViewer ahead of the 2021–22 season.  --  While Freed was in high school, he formed a band called the Sultans of Swing in which he played the trombone.
Music has the ability to engage the entire brain, which is unlike any other method of education.  --  In 1718, the poet Alexander Pope, a renowned dog lover, also criticized Hales's work.
These Sparks, who have incredible powers of invention, turned the Age of Enlightenment into a full-scale war that ravaged the continent, until Baron Wulfenbach brought an uneasy peace through force.  --  AboutThe painting uses colors that are both to capture the variance of tones that one would find in music.
The title comes from Henry David Thoreau: "If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer..."Story June 1957.  --  While she in the kitchen cooking mushrooms Masha turns around and catches Todd, who about to strike.
The Deutsche Bundesbahn railway division (Bundesbahndirektion) at Wuppertal informed locals from 1950 of the proposed closure of the western section, which took place after the thinning of services in 1954.  --  When a philosopher wants to use a set of resources (i.e., eat), said philosopher must obtain the forks from their contending neighbors.
The journal stated that taxation of the wealthy is the best way to make use of the disposable income they receive.  --  He praised the artist as avoiding excessive political activism and Matthew Barney's "implications of mystical portent".
The magazine suggested that the Nintendo 64 would play a major role in introducing children to digital technology in the final years of the 20th century.  --  Swiss authorities seized the car owing to a dispute over it between Heiderich and Frua.
Jean said that when people ask what sense of humor Swartzwelder has, the screamapillar is "one of the best examples."  --  History of reporting demographicsUntil the release of official data in 1989, the 1963 edition of the North Korea Central Yearbook was the last official publication to disclose population figures.
A fire extinguisher was released in Jubilee Hall at the university campus.  --  1992 – Wi-Fi – CSIRO researchers patented a method to "unsmear" radio waves that echo off indoor surfaces.
The non-EU establishment must issue a duly signed document (letter of accreditation) designating a given individual or company as its EU Representative.  --  Unusually, some of the windows, such as the Window of saint Joseph, are signed by the glass artist; the band in front of the Saint reads: "Clement, glassmaker of Chartres".
While Lafond waited offstage, backstage production repeatedly requested that he return after the priest had left.  --  I love the combination of abstract piano that's all sort of 'clang', and weird chords with wailing saxophone over the top."
Typically in a drum corps, there will be two baritone parts and one euphonium part, with the euphonium playing the lower parts comparatively.  --  An open framed space made of shiny textured steel includes a top shelf on which four firefighter's helmets are placed.
The factory was dismissed in 1971.  --  A journalist at the Derby Telegraph rated Roberts as Derby's best left-back since 2002.
Henri Pirenne, a Belgian historian who wrote comparative history, closely supported the new journal.  --  Program structureA CMS-2 program is composed of statements.
A crusader for edgy and cynical art who despises mass-appeal media, he was to be the villain of the intended seventh issue that was never completed.  --  It was released on an independent label, Quincy Records, and the original 45rpm record is sought-after as a collector's item.
They also claim the abrasive way lines are delivered and lack of authenticity regarding Somali culture fails to capture the tone, mannerisms, and spirit of actual life in Somalia.  --  Before a game against the University of Southern California (USC) in 1941, Bill Riordan, a teammate, poured a bucket of water over Evans's head.
The John Prine Shrine website quotes the singer discussing his inspiration for the song: "It's an actual place along the Illinois-Wisconsin border.  --  The truck was rescued from a junkyard where she sat for several years until Melendez discovered her for sale on E-Bay for $1,000.00.
Abu Hanifa mosque published in the newspapers, on February 17, 1921, the need of a specialist to help fixing the clock, but no one responded.  --  This means the notes that harmonize the melody follow its characteristic shape and rhythm.
The others think Murphy has gone mad and lock him in the drained fish tank; Epps later finds him drowned.  --  French novelist, Édouard Louis cites the book as having "marked a turning point for his future as a writer."
As he did, however, "Cowboy" Bob sprayed a fire extinguisher in his eyes.  --  The Ikara primary anti-submarine weapon was backed up by a Mark 10 Limbo anti-submarine mortar.
Disc & Music Echo newspaper honored him with the World Top Musician of 1969 and in 1970 Guitar Player magazine named him the Rock Guitarist of the Year.  --  Nomadic migrations usually moved from Mongolia through Dzungaria before turning southwest to conquer the settled lands or continuing west toward Europe.
As she walked the streets she heard a trumpet practicing as if there was a concert that night.  --  Deputy Thomas Wilson of the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department fired a tear gas canister into the Silver Dollar Café at the conclusion of the August 29 rally, killing Salazar.
One mainstream narrative described by BVM and the farmers that work with them is that large-scale agriculture is inevitable, necessary, and the sole possibility of feeding the world.  --  As such, the hand being discussed must belong to Lucy.
Al-Jazeera accuses the U.S. of attacking civilian media as censorship.  --  CompositionThe songs on the album lean towards the blues the singer listened to in his youth.
Peterson often teased the media about whether he was really Cooper.  --  Like the Parliaments' previous single, Poor Willie/Party Boys, this record highly sought after by P-Funk collectors.
He felt that as an above-the-title star he had the responsibility to use his muscle and power to try and make it better and that has never stopped in him.  --  It was not until the publication of Paine's more entertaining and popular work that deism reached into the middling and lower classes in America.
InfluenceFleance's line "The moon is down, I have not heard the clock" was the inspiration for the title of John Steinbeck's 1942 short novel The Moon is Down.  --  Neither the Americal News Sheet published 17 March 1968, nor the Trident, 11th Infantry Brigade newsletter from 22 March 1968, reported the deaths of noncombatants in Mỹ Lai.
Her voice was not heard at all in the hall, instead the public only heard the orchestra and the playback.  --  Ellis, feeling dizzy, sees the bottle of insulin and survives by quickly eating a bar of chocolate.
The exhibition charges an admission fee.  --  One week later, in Frohwerk v. United States, the court again upheld an Espionage Act conviction, this time that of a journalist who had criticized U.S. involvement in foreign wars.
We can never be sure, he contends, that a silenced opinion does not contain some element of the truth.  --  In 1911, the architect and art historian Herbert Percy Horne acquired the Palazzo Corsi on via de' Benci, in order to house his early Renaissance collections.
Sløtface's cover replaces the electronics of the production with a "reverberating guitar".  --  The factory lay beneath a feed-in road: buildings were lost.
I heard the train brakes and I heard the engine..."Victims Three students, Jimmy McGuiness (17), Richard Macaylo (18), and Bobby Mauterer (14), were killed instantly.  --  Boyes was described by Grammy Award winner and Blues Hall of Fame pianist, Pinetop Perkins, as "the best gal guitarist I heard since Memphis Minnie."
Sakiko Okazaki of Rockin' On Japan praised the song's high-pitched synthesizers, fast-paced guitars, groovy bass and heart-hitting drums, and felt the song expressed the vigor of Sakanaction.  --  From its very inception it reveals the creating hand of God."
However, the changing political environment dampened his spirits.  --  The 76mm cannon also had the benefit of using the same shells as the 3-inch field gun which facilitated supply.
However, knowing he will never change, Yang injects the syringe into Yin's chest, killing him.  --  I don't think an editor would have read 50 pages of it.
It also provides administration of the Texas Military Forces (TXMF), the principle instrument through which it executes security policy.  --  Recently a technological institute called the Instituto Technológico de Milpa Alta was opened.
Competitions can be won through entering on their website or through phoning their radio show.  --  As a result, Cardwell decided to answer an ad in the Village Voice that read, "Epic recording artist looking for a background singer for a live tour."
Once they have left, the workers hear a horn, and celebrate that their work is finished for the day ("Aunt Dinah has Blowed de Horn").  --  The reason was stated to be saving the car.
Also, it points out how users who have unwittingly been incorporated into Lulu's databases may contact their support center for the removal of their personal data.  --  The cartridge contained a single, 14" aluminum platter coated with iron oxide in an epoxy binder.
Within hours of their marriage, the media announced the couple's elopement.  --  Government reaction: At Friday night, Syrian state television aired a talk show where speakers blamed foreign media, like Al Jazeera, Al Arabiya and BBC Arabic, for inciting the protests.
At the end of the Thanksgiving prayer this cup was sipped by the leader and then by each of those present.  --  They take the jeep of the police and flee.
Valcke subsequently issued a statement denying he had suggested it was bribery, saying instead that the country had "used its financial muscle to lobby for support".  --  The management decided to unite the actors of all Imperial theatres for one grand production, for which Ostrovsky was asked to write a play.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg emphasized that the media should "absolutely defend the principle of secrecy for the intelligence agencies".  --  Paula Pickering, a political scientist, who studies peace-building efforts in Bosnia, finds that formal workplaces are often the site where inter-ethnic ties are formed.
On 13 November 2008, the official Sarahslean.com newsletter announced the title for the EP to be The Baroness Redecorates.  --  2) The editor properly analyzed the evaluations and requested appropriate revisions.
A bright flash was visible at a distance of over 100 miles and strong booming detonations were heard.  --  Principal Skeeves distrusts him as he has a "record" when Star asked about him.
Following the collision, the press vilified Alberta.  --  He made his debut at the age of 14, and early in his career gained the nickname cañoncito (in English: "little cannon") for his shooting ability.
Guerrero suffered a legitimate concussion due to Billy Kidman's shooting star press and had to be taken to the hospital.  --  The engine, once running, drives the compressor to recharge the tank.
Fërgesë is another national dish, made up of peppers, tomatoes, and cottage cheese.  --  On the way, they stop at a roadhouse bar, where Thelma dances with flirtatious stranger, Harlan (Timothy Carhart).
Because of the lack of agreement, the Saharwi people's voice in the matter has been marginalized, according to Toby Shelley, writing in the Middle East Report.  --  In high school, I discovered all of the Shrapnel Records guys, but Yngwie Malmsteen was the first guitarist I heard that really changed my life.
The state of Hesse honored Kogon in 1982 with the newly created Hessian Culture Prize.  --  In fact Loveridge did not even pull on the Auckland jersey.
Examples Some notable examples are: Joseph Haydn directs the strings to play  at the end of the slow movement of his Symphony No.  --  One notes the accompaniment in pizzicato with the motif of the Te Deum, that the composer will recall in the sketches of the Finale.
When Winston Churchill campaigned for rearmament in the 1930s, he was compared to Palmerston in warning the nation to look to its defences.  --  The political philosopher Thomas Hobbes recalled that his mother was so frightened that she prematurely gave birth to twins, of whom he was one.
Their proposals for the governance of the territory led to the passage of the Ordinance of 1787, which guided the establishment of states within the Northwestern Territory.  --  A noted social worker and educationist, she has also built a school.
She was described as "a teenage drama queen, unable to engage brain before mouth and constantly finding herself in and out of trouble".  --  In urban combat, the long barrel of the 122 mm cannon sometimes made maneuvering difficult.
location in Chicago broke an attendance record for most visitors to an in-store music event.  --  He also arranged a number of pieces, such as Hora Staccato by Grigoraș Dinicu, a Romanian whom Heifetz is rumoured to have called the greatest violinist he had ever heard.
An opinion that is being reinforced in this way appears stronger than it really is, while an opinion suppressed will seem to be weaker than it really is.  --  Summary table:ActivitiesIn November 2007, Hwa Chong International School hosted an International Youth Forum on Global Warming, attended by students from several countries.
His involvement with the WHA was central to their brief pre-NHL merger success, forcing the NHL to recruit European talent and expand to new markets.  --  This view led to a CIA program called Operation Cyclone, which channeled funds through Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence agency to the Afghan Mujahideen.
Director Nicholas Ray has really captured the muscle and thump of rodeos."  --  Tourism districtIn July 2010, Governor Chris Christie announced that a state takeover of the city and local government "was imminent".
A typical dish prepared by the latter is the curanto (a term meaning "hot stone").  --  Sending a series of numerical values, such a sequencer could direct many instruments, commanding which notes to play, at what loudness, and for how long to sustain them.
Lee then gorily beats Ig with the empty shotgun until Terry reappears, blasting his trumpet into Lee's ear.  --  The Great Kantō earthquake occurred on 30 August 1923, devastating the Yokohama, Japan region.
This island hosts many activities such as: wake-boarding, jet-skiing during the day, and dance clubs during the night.  --  As a teenager he made the U.S. Olympic speed skating team, while smoking a pack of cigarettes a day.
Stephen explains: "This visual device echoes the mind games in the head of Raskolnikov as he battles with his voice of conscience.  --  The instrument performed 16 bearing tests, seven trenching tests, and two impact tests.
After his death, the town of International Falls honored him by opening the Bronko Nagurski Museum in Smokey Bear Park.  --  A French volunteer health worker working for MSF in Liberia contracted Ebola there and was flown to France on 18 September 2014.
Oysters rely on hearing waves and currents to regulate their circadian rhythms, and perception of weather events—such as rain—may induce spawning.  --  The Department for Transport were of the opinion that this refers to recovering a vehicle after an accident or breakdown, but the regulation does not explicitly state this.
The reservoir eventually dries out, since there is no method for returning liquid.  --  The Peripatetic philosopher Theophrastus, in his book on history of plants contains an excursus on Indian species.
James the PI—James, a real life private investigator originally phoned the show to share some stories about his line of work.  --  They are officially used while applying for an Irish passport, which requires one to state one's county of birth.
In the distance, Dave hears a train, which he approaches and hops in the hopes that this will at last prove he is indeed a man.  --  In June 2014, Magners released their Cider Hog, a "portable cider dispenser" with a name and graphics similar to Hogs Back's own Hazy Hog cider, released 15 months prior.
The centre has been praised for its architecture and state-of-the-art modern theatre facilities, which are considered among the best in the world.  --  Voice actor Paul Frees filled in for all three (no voice was needed for Harpo).
In May 2008 a "Promoters Ordinance" proposed by the Chicago City Council aroused opposition in Chicago, Illinois, for being regarded as overly restrictive and stifling free expression.  --  When Matt returns his apartment, Milla is missing along with all traces of her presence.
On 27 October, the second battle of Newbury was fought, and Colonel Sir John Boys secured the King's artillery under the walls of Donnington castle.  --  When Inspector Kaale comes to investigate the matter, he argues with an angry Shankar, who tells the inspector to inform the goons that their end will come soon.
In bars 1-10, "the violin and piano echo one another's motifs", emphasising the contrast between their sounds.  --  During Barcelona's match with Getafe CF on 19 March 2011, the fans at the stadium clapped for the entire 22nd minute (the player's shirt number).
The museum has been criticized for possessing what has been described as "looted art".  --  Barden was discovered by Schenker upon the guitarist's hearing a demo of Barden's previous band, Fraser Nash.
In this case, the noisy nature of the surface is an advantage as pedestrians can hear approaching vehicles.  --  In thermodynamics a heat sink is a heat reservoir that can absorb an arbitrary amount of heat without significantly changing temperature.
Besides, in 2009 she started Mirror's Tamil news website tamilmirror.lk, and also the Daily Mirror mobile breaking news service with two mobile phone operators.  --  The late nineteenth century English novelist George Gissing read the novel in February 1888 "for refreshment" but felt that it showed "incomprehensible weakness of story".
During his tenure the magazine adopted the slogan, "An ideal for living through fashion, art, music and design".  --  Some .40 caliber handguns can be converted to 9mm with a special purpose-made barrel, magazine change, and other parts.
The magazine also condemned the Soviet Invasion of Finland.  --  Cashbox noted that "shouting 1,2,3,4 - horns come wailing in followed by a snappy synthesizer.
In May 1911, the prince regent Zaifeng appointed Yikuang, Prince Qing as the Prime Minister of the Imperial Cabinet to organize the new cabinet.  --  There were numerous glassworks in Wordsley from 1776 until 1930, making artisan-created cut glass items such as vases, glasses and objets-d'art.
Jarrod Lyle aced the hole on Saturday in 2011, causing the stands to erupt in excitement.  --  Alex is a farmhand employed by John Barton (James Thornton) to work at Butler's Farm.
He lands next to some milk, notices it and drinks the entire carton.  --  They also had to spread honey on their fake mustaches.
Nonetheless, the magazine disclosed that the suspect was carrying "bombs of aerosol paint" intended to "disfigure the masterpieces of the [Louvre] museum".  --  In section 49 of Gylfaginning, a narrative about the fate of Frigg's son Baldr is told.
Then an approaching train is heard.  --  The now-contented Harold pours a flask of booze into the small amount of orange juice in the glass.
The song features a string quartet, which is heard in the second portion of the song.  --  As this hilly road is not maintained properly, only expert local jeep drivers can take the jeep to the top.
Ever since, a phantom train has been heard periodically on the abandoned track.  --  One of these is an emergency exit, while the other is a window opening; these windows allowed Ames to observe the auditorium from his office.
The county addressed this problem by constructing flood-control channels in lower Holmes Run, lower Backlick Run, and Cameron Run.  --  The group demands an international broadcast of their message of Soviet reunification.
A 1963 NAACP newsletter stated, "We will never strike the first violent blow.  --  The show was composed of three separate one-act plays all using the same set, with Scott portraying a different lead character in each act; it ran for 1,097 performances.
The committee then evaluate each band determining whether or not they reach the artistic criteria required to move on to the 3rd phase.  --  Her grandfather, Edwin Earl Norris, was a cabinetmaker and musician, playing the French horn and the viola in the Newark Symphony Orchestra.
At the conclusion of the first round, Lombard landed two strikes after the horn, which rendered Dolloway unable to continue.  --  Unlike a conventional tank water heater, the tank is filled only when there is sunlight.
Approximately after the middle of the song, instead of the sung refrain, the soloist instrument performs an improvisation.  --  On weekday evenings, WHMS-FM carries the nationally syndicated Delilah call-in and request show from Premiere Networks.
The British tabloid, Daily Mirror, subsequently printed a retraction of its story about her being dropped by the label.  --  Red button The seventh Argentine series incorporated a red button into the Confession Room, which would sound an alarm throughout the house.
21 November 2013)Enerhiya Mykolaiv On 6 March the administration of Enerhiya Mykolaiv informed that the club would not be funded by MykolaivOblEnerho hence leaving the club defunct.  --  Fellow Stones sideman Jim Price also played brass on the album.
The online newspaper, RubicOnline.com, updates each of its sections several times per week, and the print edition is released every academic month.  --  Fly anglers seeking bass developed the spinner/fly lure and bass popper fly, which are still used today.
The  industry in Sri Lanka is a small scale industry which can employ individual design talent and mainly deals with foreign customers for profit.  --  1906–1930From this beginning, through and beyond the 1930s, Packard-built vehicles were perceived as highly competitive among high-priced luxury American automobiles.
Time later recalled the selection surprised both Ho and readers The magazine acknowledged in 1996 that "Ho is not, to be sure, a household name.  --  He prays at the same mosque where his older brother preaches fiery sermons proclaiming the violent destruction of the U.S and that Islam will dominate the world.
He later became the fifth most listened-to male artist and the sixth overall of 2017 on Spotify.  --  The award jury praised the training centre for its use of integrative design to blend into its natural surroundings while reflecting the region's history and archaeology.
Critical receptionTrouser Press wrote that "the songs are sturdier and harder-hitting, the new muscle coming from plain old artistic growth plus the addition of guitarist A.J. Dunning."  --  Monroe used to hear his uncle playing fiddle on the hilltop where he lived, while Monroe put away his mules at night.
The press discussed "the world's most eligible bachelor-girl" and her alleged romances with more than 30 bachelors, including the Hon.  --  Brazil only needed a draw to finish as champion, but Uruguay won the game 2–1, shocking and silencing the massive crowd.
During the Battle of Berlin, Red Army artillery bombarded the area around Alexanderplatz.  --  In the interim, Curly begins to flirt with the socialite's maid, who is in the process of preparing a large bowl of punch.
He called the track a "smash" and praised its piano and hook.  --  Tiwari's goons show up and kidnap Anjali because Pappu has not returned the money.
Consequently, Captain Piché suspected they were false warnings and shared that opinion with Air Transat maintenance control centre in Montreal, which advised them to monitor the situation.  --  In essence, it could fool the listeners to believe they were hearing a drum machine, only to prove them wrong through out-performing the rather rudimentary sequencing possibilities of the time.
A brief orchestral tutti comes before the violin leads things to the finish with a D major scale up, returning down in flatted supertonic (then repeated).  --  Method of hiring – the worker might engage in a labour-contract on their own initiative, or they might hire out their labour as part of a group.
Someone had the idea of adding the Carter Scratch to a reverberating electric guitar on some of the tracks.  --  The company's first product was the Apple I, a computer designed and hand-built entirely by Wozniak.
The middle section tells in mellow movement "He is the righteous Saviour and he shall speak peace unto the heathen"—with "peace" repeated several times as a long note.  --  The 4th century philosopher Vasubandhu compiled the Abhidharma-kośa, an extensive compendium which elaborated the positions of the  Vaibhāṣika-Sarvāstivādin school on a wide range of issues raised by the early sutras.
As a compromise, the Lords proposed that William III and Mary II should both take the throne, which the Commons agreed if William alone held regal power.  --  Initially 300 workers and their families came from Wolverhampton and the surrounding areas to work in the factory, settling in a specially built worker's village named "Wolverham".
Webb also told the newspaper that there was a possibility he would find a publisher for the full text, provided he could retrieve the film rights using French copyright law.  --  I worked together with Ark Van Pollare who saves the chicken from the factory where they lay eggs.
The concurrent publication from the Rovis group also employed a triazolium-based catalyst and reported the Stetter reaction between glyoxamides and alkylidenemalonates in good to excellent yields.  --  It acts as a mirror for rhythmic stability, allowing the musician to analyze where they rush or drag a tempo.
Many in the Commons heard the explosion and rushed to the scene to find out what had happened.  --  This attire is often marched with a dupatta of matching or contrasting color.
He imagines he hears the chorus chanting at the old Countess's funeral, then is startled by a knock at the window.  --  The novelist and gastronome Manuel Vázquez Montalbán mentions her in his novel La Rosa de Alejandría as "the excellent Carmina Useros".
Emperor Charles V repeatedly outlawed the unruly town, which had joined the League of Torgau and the Schmalkaldic League.  --  The Armagnac commanders had decided not to attack further that day, but Joan encouraged them to launch an assault against an English fortress built around a monastery called les Augustins.
Each year, the Cuneo Press, where George Baer led the fine binding department, requested the production of about 100 Christmas Books to give to their valued customers.  --  After resurfacing the entire sheet, also known as an "ice cut" or "flood", the snow container must be emptied.
Critic Martin Bernheimer said that Salerno-Sonnenberg was "battling the composer rather than interpreting the composer."  --  Phenylethylamine triggers the "reward centres" in the brain, which entices repeat behaviour by the consumer.
Regarding his staging of The Odd Couple, Los Angeles Times theatre critic Margaret Harford wrote "James Wheaton's slick direction makes the overall production all one could ask."  --  The initial blast at 1:45 p.m. was from a leaking natural gas pipe at East Main and South 6th Street.
The official communist media ridiculed the modernism and cosmopolitanism of American culture, and denigrated the features of the American way of life, especially jazz music and rock and roll.  --  Additionally, they requested the production of two portraits of Washington.
By May 1901 however the shine was starting to come off the military brass.  --  Often, by replacing a great number of their parts, and adjusting them, old instruments can perform as well as new pianos.
In an interview after the November 2011 Carnegie Hall debut recital of Tsujii, Van Cliburn said on TV Asahi, "What a thrill to hear this brilliant, very gifted, fabulous pianist.  --  IEEE-HKN has an annual awards program to honor accomplishment related to the Eta Kappa Nu vision.
In April 2021, Jordan condemned Israel for raiding the Al-Aqsa mosque in Jerusalem and silencing the minaret's loudspeaker.  --  He studied organ from 1922, then changed to performing trombone with local bands.
The workshop had been attended by investigator Susan Gerbic, who recorded the event and notified the publication.  --  Tamar Yellin novelist, studied Hebrew and Arabic at Oxford (see Arts and entertainment, above).
The publication is endorsed by the Assembly of Canonical Orthodox Bishops and is being used by various Assembly committees as part of their research and planning.  --  Based on a custom in social darts that requires a player defeated in this manner to drink a jug of beer without stopping.
More recently, it was a goth pub which also hosted heavy metal gigs.  --  Such games can also favor speed over quantity, in which players race to drink a case of beer the fastest.
At night, the team hears a helicopter approaching, though they cannot spot it.  --  It then shows Jennie Matthias questioning a jazz singer about how he lives his life.
The mechanism has been adapted to many prank items, including pens that explode when the cap is removed and toilet seats that explode when raised.  --  OperationThe fundamental operation of most CPUs, regardless of the physical form they take, is to execute a sequence of stored instructions that is called a program.
Bollywood represents 43 percent of Indian net box-office revenue; Tamil and Telugu cinema represent 36 percent, and the remaining regional cinema constituted 21 percent in 2014.  --  Since the tavern had been accommodating strangers as early as 1690, it was reputed to be one of the oldest taverns in town.
Days later, those who had paid for subscriptions and other creditors received  notice that the magazine had filed for Chapter 7 Bankruptcy.  --  Professor Powers scripted a program which was presented for 15,000 spectators.
During the 21st century however, the industry has struggled to compete with larger budget foreign films.  --  Prissy floral-shirt-wearing product designer Charles Coote (Charles Hawtrey) has included a bidet in his latest range of designs, but W.C. objects to the manufacture of such "dubious" items.
When Weecha hears the hounds approaching, he instinctively uses a decoy trick learned from his father to draw the pack away from his mate.  --  DJ also creates special sound waves that can be heard 10,000 km away.
An ice cream truck is then heard and Julie exits.  --  He reportedly called the Q&A program a "lefty lynch mob".
Munro-Hay cites the Muslim historian Abu Ja'far al-Khwarazmi/Kharazmi (who wrote before 833) as stating that the capital of "the kingdom of Habash" was Jarma (hypothetically from Ge'ez girma, "remarkable, revered").  --  In this test, a needle is inserted into the space at the very top of the vagina, behind the uterus and in front of the rectum.
Dutch tabloid In early 2006, podcaster Adam Curry sued a Dutch tabloid who published photos from Curry's Flickr page without Curry's permission.  --  Anderson once had a glass of water poured over his head by a perturbed Richard Branson, to which Anderson remarked "I'm used to that; I've flown Virgin".
A strength of this in several respects masterful novel lies in how he tells us about the strangeness of the Chinese empire, without suppressing the local perspective."  --  Rakhshan division has been notified as Division on 17th May, 2017.
Each strike costs a certain amount of energy, drawn from a pool that slowly replenishes in real time.  --  Fire Commissioner William Blair ordered Chicago firemen to stop Goodwin by directing a fully engaged fire hose at him and by blasting fire axes through nearby glass from the inside.
At the age of four, Pahud first heard the flute.  --  Physical Review Materials (PRMaterials): A broad-scope international journal for the multidisciplinary community engaged in research on materials.
Abraham Lincoln, Ellsworth died while removing a highly visible Confederate flag from the roof of a hotel overlooking the Potomac River in Alexandria, Virginia.  --  Roman historyThe city was subsequently passed under the control of the Roman Empire.
He modestly told the press that Carl Sandburg, Isak Dinesen and Bernard Berenson deserved the prize, but he gladly accepted the prize money.  --  Soloists Simone Mantia used to play a double-bell euphonium as a virtuoso.
During Communist rule, the mass media in Czechoslovakia were controlled by the Communist Party.  --  Jordan Nikolić (; 11 May 1933 – 26 April 2018) was a Serbian folk singer who interpreted traditional songs from Kosovo.
GrowthThe Conciliation policyOn 6 September 1853 Carneiro Leão was appointed President of the Council of Ministers and charged with organizing a new cabinet.  --  In 1985 they released their first record, the 7" single Midnite Hop, which now is the most sought-after record by collectors in Greece.
Support for internment The JACD newsletter stated that most Japanese Americans were loyal, but indicated that the organization remained concerned about the possibility of Fifth columnists.  --  In 2010 the magazine updated its list, and the song was moved up a rank to number 71.)
The Kelb tal-Fenek can hear the little bell up to 3 metres down under the rocky terrain.  --  In 2010 The Quartet joined forces with Syd Arthur, a Canterbury psychedelic jazz band whose members studied with Hues while at Christchurch University.
The fight went to the outside of the ring, where Vader began to spray a fire extinguisher in Kane's face, using his disorientation to powerbomb Kane.  --  Pulakeshin II continued his conquests in the east where he conquered all kingdoms in his way and reached the Bay of Bengal in present-day Odisha.
A German tabloid revealed the scandal, causing the spot to be taken off the air.  --  The charango's ten strings require quite a large headstock, often approaching or even exceeding the size of its diminutive sound box.
The first Comanche raid reaching deep into Mexico and menacing the entire area of the Sánchez Navarro latifundo was in the winter of 1840–1841.  --  Radioactive contamination RTGs pose a risk of radioactive contamination: if the container holding the fuel leaks, the radioactive material may contaminate the environment.
Beginning soon after self-rule, government censorship in Burma has been heavy, stifling literary expression.  --  These figurines are part of a greater coroplastic production mainly composed of handmade horse-rider figurines, i.e. the Euphrates Handmade Syrian Horses and Riders (EU_HSHR's).
The British newspaper The Independent has described the Review as "the only mainstream American publication to speak out consistently against the war in Iraq."  --  Renaissance humanists praised Homer as the archetypically wise poet, whose writings contain hidden wisdom, disguised through allegory.
She was recognized in 2013 by Johnson C. Smith for her work in strengthening the Rockwell neighborhood.  --  Musical training Stormer's first drum teacher was the Norwegian drummer Jon Christensen with whom he studied from 1971 to 1976.
This opportunity allowed the press to address the tsar, and government officials, in a harsh, critical tone previously unheard of.  --  a miniaturized high-resolution ultraviolet spectrometer developed by NASA Goddard to analyze a broad spectral band (190-380 nm; 0.2 nm spectral resolution) covering the ultraviolet and visible regions.
The journal states that explicit advertisements do better in marketing than other non-explicit ads.  --  MatchesNotable playersIn 1897 John Blair became the first of 17 Wanganui players to pull on an All Blacks jersey.
Patient-centered healthcareThe doctor-patient relationship has sometimes been characterized as silencing the voice of patients.  --  They had to hand-squeeze enough oranges to fill a pitcher before going to Los Angeles to start selling.
When one hears bombs coming that close there is no time to do anything.  --  The number of iterations is at most  because the algorithm improves the cut by at least one edge at each step.
Noting that computer purchasers did not want PC compatibility as much as compatibility with certain PC software, the magazine suggested "let's tell it like it is.  --  it is eaten on new year's day because Koreans believe that if you eat a bowl of tteok-guk on the first of the lunar year, you get one year older.
Vanity galleriesA vanity gallery is an art gallery charging fees from artists to show their work, much like a vanity press does for authors.  --  On day 19, Iraqi Security Forces, advised by US Special Forces, detained an extremist leader and a terrorist financier in separate operations in Safwan, Iraq.
To have the opportunity to work with that voice on this project has been the greatest honor and to hear a symphony orchestra wrapped around those performances is breathtaking."  --  She slowly retrieves the device, but it sets off an alarm which rouses the creature and it gives chase again.
Further controversy came as one of UKIP's sitting MEPs Stuart Agnew addressed a pro-apartheid club of expat South Africans in London that reportedly had links to the far-right.  --  The amount of good this does depends on the technique used to make the barrel.
The reservoir was drained and became the site for the high school's construction in 1970–71.  --  While most birds have an upper hearing limit of only about 6 kHz, the barn owl can hear up to 12 kHz and thus close to the human upper limit.
Chambers denounced this as an attempt to stifle progressive opinion, but others thought he must have gone home "with the feeling of a martyr".  --  Typically, the first horn played a high part and the second horn played a low part.
RNAi interference, specifically gene silencing, has become a useful tool to silence the expression of genes and identify and analyze their loss-of-function phenotype.  --  Sometimes, the bell can be detached, and instruments with a low A extension often come in two parts.
The familiar opening 7 notes are echoed in the pizzicato in Benjamin Britten's Simple Symphony, written in 1934.  --  It may have been one of the great moments of his life," recalled animation historian John Culhane.
Captain, commander of the artillery defending New Haven, July 5, 1779William H. Brewer (1828–1910)—scientist.  --  She grew up listening to the big jazz record collection of her parents and trained to play piano listening to masters as Bill Evans and Thelonious Monk, improvising.
The casserole is then stewed at a low temperature.  --  He lost sight on his left eye when, after a home accident in which he got hit on his forehead, an alcohol bottle tipped over and fell on his eye.
Beginning in the 1950s, the labor pool dried up and Good Humor operated over half of its fleet with seasonal employees, mostly college students.  --  In 1967, the Austrian playwright Peter Handke published his play Kaspar.
In 1999, comedian Bob Odenkirk praised the publication as "the best comedy writing in the country".  --  Parker's father played piano and drums in addition to singing in church with Parker's mother; his brother Melvin played drums and his brother Kellis played the trombone.
On 21 September 1939, Prime Minister Călinescu was assassinated by the Iron Guard in a plot organized out of Berlin, thus silencing the strongest pro-Allied voice amongst Carol's camarilla.  --  The decision was reached as the gun could achieve up to ten rounds per minute rate of fire.
This was Widdecombe's first appearance as a pantomime 'baddie'; a role she told the press she had always hoped for.  --  For example, in Python, to print the string  followed by a newline, one only needs to write print("Hello, World!").
In the year U.C. 0123, the military arm of Cosmo Babylonia, the Crossbone Vanguard, attacks the Earth Federation colony Frontier IV.  --  Norah Chambers later lamented "Our vocal orchestra was silenced forever when more than half had died and the others were too weak to continue…it was wonderful while it lasted."
They don't move because they can't hear the starting gun.  --  Regents hoped the paper would die; instead it began to focus on the community as a free tabloid published five days a week.
But Rousselet conceded that "On the other hand, these 'places of power' are almost ready to play and will allow the Storyteller to cook up a good package."  --  Guthrie also made a pilot for a TV variety show called The Arlo Guthrie Show in February 1987.
Sam leads Isaac to a clearing; they hear Walter Ewell's horn, and Isaac assumes the buck has been killed.  --  from Far Cry 5 is a candidate for Montana Senate and quest-giver, who assigns you the task of retrieving his campaign truck named after former first lady Nancy Reagan.
The player controls a station helper who uses a bucket to catch drops of oil from a leaking pipe and empties the bucket into an oil drum.  --  Gameplay ends when the last tank of gas is consumed.
After his flight, Captain Simpson advised Air New Zealand's navigation section of the difference in positions.  --  The painting depicts a young woman who is arranging a garment in undisguised nakedness.
Then he telephones a newspaper to report his "ransom" demand of $200,000.  --  While characterizing the outer membrane porin  in E.coli, some of the  promoter clones observed were capable of repressing the expression of other membrane porin such as .
In the traditional Pāli Canon, the Sigālovāda Sutta contains a large section which advises men on honoring their wives by remaining faithful.  --  Kakunyo was an avid writer whose liturgies comprise an important part of Jōdo Shinshū services, while his biography on Shinran, the  is still an important source for scholars.
Kane sprayed a fire extinguisher at Ambrose through the cell, allowing Rollins to perform a Powerbomb through a table on Ambrose.  --  Fanshawe, his childhood friend, has produced creative work, and when he disappears the writer publishes his work and replaces him in his family.
The viola and cello soon accompany this figure.  --  This rack was popularly placed in a corner of the living room.
Some people enjoy garnishing their served plate with freshly squeezed lemon.  --  In traditional Hoodoo, if there are several people needing love, the root worker or conjurer created different mojos for each of their clients.
The first movement climaxes in a battle between the orchestra and a renegade snare-drummer, who can only be silenced by the full forces of his colleagues in the final bars.  --  Co-star Ewan McGregor agreed, having said about Polanski that "he's a legend ... I've never examined a director and the way that they work so much before.
Alexander the Great annihilated a much larger Persian army, thus ultimately conquering the Middle-east.  --  He did not, however, let it enter into his work; indeed, he questioned the very idea of a historian studying politics.
For example, the first audiencia of Mexico had four oidores, one president and a fiscal, or crown attorney, meeting as only one chamber overseeing both civil and criminal cases.  --  After the war ended, the first courthouse and jail of Richland County were located in one of two blockhouses until 1816.
At times, Lane performed despite hearing bombs and fighter jets less than a mile away.  --  Aragog attempts to feed Harry and Ron to its progeny, but Mr Weasley's car rescues them.
Each barrel is refined into about  of gasoline, the rest becoming other products such as jet fuel and heating oil, using fractional distillation.  --  Hale notes that Lucas' performance is composed of "a bland competence but not much fire".
The pianist is heard in a variety of settings... Pullen, a very rhythmic avant-gardist who can play inside or outside, was well-served by this release.  --  On 6 August 1992, a local warlord named Milika "Čeko" Dačević occupied police headquarters in Pljevlja after a vehicle used by his personal envoy was seized.
Manuel Luna, private secretary of Mukhtarov, said the embassy of Azerbaijan was never notified about the removal.  --  Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic said the record "demands attention and it deserves it, too", while The Boston Globes Sarah Rodman called it Underwood's best album yet.
In fact, IBRC has hired Russian Alfa Group's asset recovery arm to enforce its claims.  --  ...Notice that strings do not require enclosure in quotation marks.
Le sens du mondeNancy addresses the world in its contemporary global configuration in other writings on freedom, justice and sovereignty.  --  It was claimed that the chorus, when played in reverse, can be heard as "Decide to smoke marijuana", "It's fun to smoke marijuana", or "Start to smoke marijuana".
At length the young prince began to feel the leading strings of the Empress Dowager and Temudar rather irksome, and determined to speed on his inauguration.  --  Following the drop-test, the vehicle was retrieved for further analysis.
When several scientists asked to see the unpublished data, Horrobin's legal team convinced the journal to refuse the request.  --  It would have included thousands of strings of instruments occupying a cubic kilometer of the ocean.
From 1841 the new, and highly influential, satirical magazine Punch increasingly ridiculed the Royal Academy and contemporary British artists.  --  It was then placed into a closed vessel known as a vacuum pan, where it was boiled until the sugar in the syrup was crystallized.
Playing a musical instrument in a group is a tremendously demanding task for the human brain that potentially engages all cognitive processes that we are aware of.  --  Liberal practicesLiberal political parties have specific policies, which the social scientist can either read from party manifestos, or infer from actual actions and laws passed by ostensibly liberal parties.
Computer Training CentreThe college has a computer training centre which seeks to impart computer proficiency to students.  --  With the aid of extra and intraoral landmarks, the needle is injected into the intraoral latero-anterior surface of the condyle, steering clear below the insertion of the lateral pterygoid muscle.
Actor Hans Albers sued the production asking for nearly double his salary but lost the case.  --  The flight crew started the engines at 8:04 pm.
Panta bhat (rice soaked overnight in water) with onion and green chili is a traditional dish consumed in rural areas.  --  The museum's courtyard has a pool filled with seals, sea lions, and penguins.
His role of a grieving man who starts stammering after the death of his father, led Justin Chang of Variety to call him a "charismatic, naturally engaging talent".  --  The pump is computer-controlled for automatic dosage and the reservoir in the pump can be replenished by percutaneous injection.
As the others try to escape the smoke and flames, the show asks "WHO WILL SURVIVE?"  --  Sandra D. Tooley is a mystery and urban fantasy novelist who publishes as S. D. Tooley and Lee Driver.
Nick tells Freddie he must marry Terry and telephones a newspaper to announce the engagement.  --  By 57 BC, Caesar had resolved to conquer all of Gaul, and led campaigns in the east, where the Nervii nearly defeated him.
The stadium was the site of an infamous match between St Kilda and Fremantle which was controversially drawn after the umpires failed to hear the final siren.  --  NO is thought to repress PIF1 gene expression and stabilizes HFR1 in some way to support the start of germination.
Steinberg said of these sessions, "At first I opposed this location, because I can't hear the orchestra there, the ceiling is so high.  --  Recirculating aquaponics: solid media such as gravel or clay beads, held in a container that is flooded with water from the aquaculture.
McNeile's voice was probably the finest organ ever heard in public oratory.  --  He was a quarterback at Washington High School in Fremont, California until his senior year, when he gave up football to protect his throwing arm from injury.
Novelty piano can be heard at rehearsal 9 with the revelation of the Train theme.  --  One of his assistant elders, F. A. Sandgren, published the Folke-Vennena a periodical for Scandinavians and many Midwest churches joined the Pentecostal movement.
This had effectively plunged the state into a seething cauldron of discontent with clashes between traditional chiefs and the British.  --  According to Remfry Dedman of The Independent, Sister Cities came together from this process as "a record that seeks to create unity in a world that is becoming increasingly segregated".
The 15th New York was turned back twice as they tried to reach Confederate cannons that were firing canister.  --  Critical receptionAllmusic editor Andy Kellman rated the album three and a half ouf of five stars.
Porgy and Bess Later in 2018, Hungarian State Opera generated controversy by the announcement of a mostly all-white production of Porgy and Bess, composed by George Gershwin.  --  BarrelThe barrel is one of the most important factors for accuracy, as a poorly made barrel may be beyond correction.
In 2012, the residents in Kampung (Village) Laksamana, in Gombak, Selangor, Malaysia, claimed to have seen and heard the creature in the vicinity of the Pangsapuri Laksamana and Jalan Laksamana.  --  These routine searches often employ hand held or walk through metal detectors, and baggage x-ray machines.
She later calls the state health department which tells her that she needs to raise $25,000 within two months to keep the clinic open.  --  CDJournal reviewers similarly praised the song's beat that "intertwined howl-like synthesizers and Ichiro Yamaguchi's vocals", as well as the "tightly packed" blend of rock and dance music.
The island hosts annual music festivals including the Isle of Wight Festival, which in 1970 was the largest rock music event ever held.  --  A leak detection system in the containment pipe indicates if the carrier pipe is leaking.
As they depart, Franklin believes he hears the slot machine calling his name.  --  Even without displacing agriculture and cities, earth can sustain almost one billion hectares of new forests.
Gina gets on the ground to reach down for it when she hears a train coming just around the bend.  --  In 1972, about three-quarters of English Congregational churches merged with the Presbyterian Church of England to form the United Reformed Church (URC).
In 2020, Laffer advised the Trump administration on how to re-open the economy during the COVID-19 pandemic.  --  The first HouseGuest to fill up the HoH jug with liquid and release the cork would win.
Her father has disappeared into the chaos of a continent ravaged by war.  --  His shrine is located right next to the mosque in which he preached Islam during his stay in Lahore.
As he explores the tunnel, he thinks he hears a train coming, despite the tunnel being blocked off.  --  Launched in 1986, DRS 300 was a modular system consisting of A4-sized units designed to be placed on an office bookshelf.
It was not until January 2011 that Lopez teased the media about the new lead single for Love?.  --  His first song was his own production composed on the Bandarawela Dowa bus accident.
ReceptionIn his review for AllMusic, François Couture states "Digital synthesizers are not often heard in free improvisation contexts.  --  The director analyzes the uses and connotations of "fuck" and the feelings it evokes on several levels.
Johnson also blamed the press, saying they showed "complete irresponsibility and lie and misstate facts and have no one to be answerable to".  --  A syringe containing sperm or a catheter may then be inserted through the open speculum and into the opened vagina.
His resignation catalyzed groups, such as the Genocide Intervention Network, to praise his record on human rights issues.  --  Revising speciesWilliston was also the first scientist to critically evaluate all of the pteranodon species classified by Cope and Marsh.
This contention was raised by him before the Hon'ble Supreme Court of India upon which the Government was asked to notify section 30 of the Advocates Act.  --  USA Today released an article about King's favorite horror films; the author cited The Evil Dead as his fifth favorite film of the genre.
If an agreement cannot be reached, the Services advise the action agency to initiate formal consultation.  --  This morning, in Cherbourg, a race official came up to me and without a word, he pulled up my jersey to check that I'm not wearing two.
John Travolta was named as a possible star in the Warner Bros. production, which was scripted by Larry Ferguson and to be directed by The Fugitive director Andrew Davis.  --  Later in 914, with Liu Shouguang in dire straits under siege by the Jin/Zhao/Yiwu army, Yang headed north with Liu Shouguang's brother Liu Shouqi (), pillaging Zhao territory.
The hall has a number of hall cheers that have been awarded in numerous hall cheers completions.  --  The fishermen raise hatchlings in a closely knitted net in a harbor, sounding an underwater horn before each feeding.
His saxophone solo work can be heard on such songs as "Tears of Rage" (from Big Pink) and "Unfaithful Servant" (from The Band).  --  The leading locomotive of this train struck the derailed locomotive of the Perth train, which may still have been moving, and was itself derailed.
They induced David to give orders that Solomon should immediately be proclaimed and admitted to the throne, which David agreed.  --  Several vehicles caught fire, including a semi-trailer truck, from which the driver's body was later recovered.
Murray had blamed the show being taken as the reason for his wife's suicide.  --  The American journalist Peter Brook examined 1,500 articles published in 1992 by a number of Western medias and agencies.
One part continued to mount taxidermy on a much smaller scale, and another arm hired out their stock for filming and as props.  --  This caused the overflow tank into which it drained to rupture and release large amounts of radioactive cooling water into the containment building.
Just then a helicopter is heard and seen flying overhead.  --  The photo showed her from the waist up, apparently topless, holding a violin positioned to hide her chest.
The pine tree where Rikyu boiled kettle for the tea ceremony still exists in the Kyushu University Medical campus.  --  His English mother, Krystyna, was a concert pianist who studied at the Royal Academy of Music in London.
He also acquired the journal Science and, within five years, made it the official publication of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, 1895-1900.  --  Usage of alternative instruments leading to completion of the examination has been investigated, including use of pediatric colonoscope, push enteroscope and upper GI endoscope variants.
In February 1942, he praised the newspaper by stating: "One must never forget the services rendered by the Stürmer.  --  Julia Nussenbaum (1913 – April 18, 1937)  was a violinist who studied at the Juilliard School in New York.
Because literary tastes change so much over time, it seems reasonable to the historicist to evaluate each writer according to the standards of his own age.  --  On 12 July, Shenandoah entered the port of Niigata where similar courtesies were extended.
CharactersAcer: *A man who critiques Mordax's sense of justice and benevolence.*  --  Operating under the constant pressures of an external combustion chamber, the calliope merely directs exhaust (HB# 421.22: internal fipple flutes).
As of the 2021–22 season, Chris Cuthbert and Craig Simpson serve as the lead broadcast team, mainly calling the CBC broadcast involving the Toronto Maple Leafs.  --  Technologically the instrument has followed an evolution similar to that of the guitar.
The school later told U.S. News the correct average alumni giving rate for the 2016 fiscal year was just 7.9 percent.  --  A pop-up notification will appear on the Home Menu section to notify the user that a download is finished.
Confederate artillery gained an early advantage.  --  Device Understory makes solar-powered weather stations that detect three-dimensional rain, hail, wind and other weather in real-time at the ground level, instead of using atmospheric data like traditional weather detectors.
It's a bubbling cauldron."  --  PremiseThe film is based on the real story of a 175-pound American black bear that died after ingesting a duffel bag full of cocaine in December 1985.
The Manchukuo police had the power to arrest without charge anyone who was engaged in the vaguely defined crime of "undermining the state".  --  Death of Jill Erickson On December 10, authorities noticed a Mazda automobile, with its ignition wires exposed, at the edge of a parking lot.
Vasylenko who was acting Otaman-minister could not fully organize the cabinet and performed several ministerial roles as a result of that.  --  In order, she gives him:a needlea knifea young goata hama calfherselfIn each instance, Hans mishandles the gifts.
Political interference kept TVA from securing additional federal appropriations to do so, so it sought the authority to issue bonds.  --  When the Major notices the new vehicle, she comments to Batou that "his tastes had changed."
As a wiretapThere are strong concerns that the ever-listening microphone of smart speakers presents a perfect candidate for wiretapping.  --  Enantiornithes occupied a wide array of ecological niches, from sand-probing shorebirds and fish-eaters to tree-dwelling forms and seed-eaters.
It hit close to home, and the best way we felt we could try and cheer the area was to win a Stanley Cup.  --  In a fight on the engine car, the others kill the fireman and force the engineer to halt the train and disconnect the locomotive.
The division advises on issues relating to the administration of justice, the legal system, the legal profession, human rights, the Basic Law and the law of Mainland China.  --  New  Conway RCo.17 engines were installed, along with a combuster ignition system to allow all four engines to be started simultaneously and reduce scramble time to  minutes per aircraft.
In keeping with the book theme, the pub hosted book signings, poetry readings, quizzes and society meetings, often using the upstairs room.  --  In the 21st century, coopers mostly operate barrel-making machinery and assemble casks for the wine and spirits industry.
Nicklaus has also written golf instructional columns for Golf Magazine and for Golf Digest magazine, with which he is currently associated.  --  It was not until the mid-1950s that the second white vee was added to the jersey to form the now famous Port Kembla "traditional" jersey.
I woke from a stupor, and immediately the mug was served to me.  --  A cappella singer Avi Kaplan also exhibited overtone singing during his group's (Pentatonix) performances.
MediaMozambican media is heavily influenced by the government.  --  The Cappadocians were named as one group hearing the Gospel account from Galileans in their own language on the day of Pentecost shortly after the resurrection of Jesus Christ.
A string of civil disturbances followed, including the Punti–Hakka Clan Wars, Nian Rebellion, Dungan Revolt, and Panthay Rebellion.  --  He was a close friend of Guiomar Novaes, the famous Brazilian pianist who also studied under Stojowski.
(Tswana for "the pot that boils") is a town in the Limpopo Province of South Africa.  --  The editor then enumerated the objections against publication voiced by the referees.
In practice, large volley guns were not particularly more useful than a cannon firing canister shot or grapeshot.  --  1949: He met his future wife, Caroline Garabedian, an American violinist studying at the Paris Conservatory.
In 1897 the branch re-launched the Shield, a periodical that had supported repeal of the Contagious Diseases Act, after this act was re-enacted in India.  --  Harold returns to Erinsborough to play the tuba in a Salvation Army concert and he rents his old house.
Musician Ike Turner stated in his autobiography, Takin' Back My Name, that he heard about his tax problems and contacted Jordan's booking agency in Chicago.  --  Cricketing careerA right-handed batsman, he played one first-class match for Dublin University against Northamptonshire in July 1926, a match that also featured the Irish playwright Samuel Beckett.
She concluded, "I am hoping that at the climaxes of some of these 'rhapsodic' and energetic lines, the orchestra does not overwhelm the viola."  --  Judith Querida Longyear (20 September 1938–13 December 1995) was an American mathematician and professor whose research interests included graph theory and combinatorics.
The publication hosts the annual Inkblots, a national campus journalism fellowship that gathers student journalists, journalism and communication enthusiasts, and media professionals.  --  He was eating a bowl of cereal.
In addition to Runeberg torte, the second parish dish in Porvoo was grilled herring with onion rings and dill in the 1980s.  --  From 1987 to 2000, she and Bookchin co-wrote and co-published the theoretical newsletter Green Perspectives, later renamed Left Green Perspectives.
The Asahi's investigative section was told to avoid coverage of the Fukushima disaster, and has largely faded from view.  --  Warhol created the fashion magazine Interview that is still published today.
Within 45 days of assuming office, the governor must organize his or her cabinet.  --  1898 21 June: At the launch of HMS Albion from the Thames Ironworks and Shipbuilding Company at Blackwell, 34 spectators drown when a stage collapses.
Epidemics ravage the continent.  --  EMG involves the use of a tiny needle inserted into specific muscles to test the associated muscle and nerve function.
A Moscow radio broadcast criticized Pius for meddling in politics and hoped for a new pope devoted instead to "religious problems".  --  She stands alone within a naiskos, which represents her temple or its doorway, and is crowned with a polos, a high, cylindrical hat.
Seconds later an ambulance is heard passing in the direction of Pereira.  --  She learned to ski and arranged for English gardens at Kongsseteren, the royal lodge overlooking Oslo, and at the summer residence at Bygdøy.
Another tabloid printed on its front page a plea to "HELP US KEEP TABS ON THE BEAST.  --  In 1918 the French scientist  published Les Symbiotes, in which he claimed that the mitochondria originated from a symbiosis process.
These references hint at his respect for a historian he must have assiduously studied.  --  This is the location where Steve Sindad broke the world record for consuming ranch dressing, drinking 61 bottles worth (about 7 gallons).
Gang and drug activity, as well as a high murder rate, have plagued the Bayview–Hunters Point district.  --  Anna Song, described as "the greatest pianist that no one has heard of", appears to record a huge discography despite illness and old age.
As a result, the pool of army volunteers dried.  --  At 2, a quick beep would be heard, sometimes known as the "2-pop".
When the Croatian media interviewed him at his 90th birthday, he revealed that he was working on a book critical of Karl Marx's thought.  --  A computer program in its human-readable form is called source code.
He wrote to a friend "I have recently finished a string quartet which I still haven't heard.  --  A pack of dogs attack and eat him.
Recently, popular music has "provided an arena where marginalized voices can be heard and sexual identities shaped, challenged, and renegotiated."  --  The barrel for the KS-23 were made from 23 mm aircraft gun barrels that were rejected due to manufacturing flaws.
In the late 1960s, the magazine denounced segregationist George Wallace, who ran in Democratic primaries in 1964 and 1972 and made an independent run for president in 1968.  --  The bonus disc is composed of 19 tracks, and featured production from Havoc, Alchemist, Godfather Don, V.I.C., Bink!,
At the time commentators suggested this incident could further damage the struggling Australian retail sector, and also hurt the credibility of other online product and service providers.  --  He has also played the tuba.
The town hosted the 2016 National Eisteddfod of Wales.  --  The historian Christopher Matthew mentions that the term Phalangarii has two possible meanings, both with military connotations.
Criticism Critics and researchers have condemned the show for causally portraying and dismissing civil right violations, and for creating moral panic over who is accused of crime.  --  Historically the cox would have carried (or strapped to their head) a conical, unpowered megaphone to amplify their voice.
BL gained popularity in mainland China in the late 1990s; the country subsequently outlawed the publishing and distribution of BL works.  --  In Armenian cuisine fenugreek seed powder is used to make a paste that is an important ingredient to cover dried and cured beef to make basturma (բաստուրմա).
The arrangement was partially inspired by a string quartet Peter Brewis heard during a performance of Kate Bush's song "Cloudbusting", during a celebration of Bush's music organised by Emma Pollock.  --  For example, a detector with an NEP of  can detect a signal power of one picowatt with a signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) of one after one half second of averaging.
Fleance replies, "The moon is down; I have not heard the clock." (  --  Among the consequences were the disbanding of the canons and Anderlecht being proclaimed an independent municipality by the French.
NBC's broadcast of the opening ceremony was criticized as taking a "both-sides approach" to the issue of the alleged human rights abuses in China.  --  Brett White of Decider praised Carey and Grande's "harmonized whistle tones".
In 1893, Wells sued the Memphis Commercial for libel when the journal attacked Wells over her reports on the racism and injustice of lynching.  --  He instructs Kawasi to get his journal to Mike, when the restaurant is surrounded by hired thugs.
He was mocked by the Francoist press, which wrote articles deriding him as "a donkey", and was fined one million pesetas for his political views.  --  His father Norman Salmond was a baritone, and his mother Adelaide Manzocchi was a pianist who had studied with Clara Schumann.
The hip is often surmounted, even today, by a decorative staff or Malljan, a device that echoes the mystical beliefs of earlier times.  --  She is said on arrival to have walked into the airport lounge, downed a large glass of whisky and said, ''Now I feel better.''
In an attempt to stifle dissenting opinion, the central government imposed import controls on newsprint in 1972.  --  Actually we can detect every candidate key with this procedureby simply trying every possible order of removing attributes.
The local commanders ignored the demands, which led to the British aide-de-camp, Captain Nolan, personally delivering the quickly-written and confusing order to attack the artillery.  --  Socio-political concernsThe writer and group analyst Farhad Dalal questions the socio-political assumptions behind the introduction of CBT.
He wrote in his notes for August 8 that it heard a river and went to it to fill his water container.  --  While Soviet agents may have recovered the vehicle, it is more likely that the capsule landed in water and sank.
The Student Government Association (SGA) is responsible for advising all other organization and representing the interests of other student organizations to university administration.  --  1842 – The first major wagon train heading for the Pacific Northwest sets out on the Oregon Trail from Elm Grove, Missouri, with 100 pioneers.
Musical styleGuitar playing The Edge's style of playing guitar is distinguished by his chiming timbres, echoing notes, sparse voicings, and extensive use of effects units.  --  In this episode, Homer inadvertently becomes a well-praised outsider artist after his failed attempts to build a barbecue pit.
That was state of the art... I had to fool people into thinking they were hearing a full orchestra.  --  A tavern to accommodate those who attended court was one of the first buildings erected; stores and dwellings followed.
ControversyThe Independent Television Commission condemned the show for an episode aired in December 2002 in which satirical jokes were made about Jesus Christ.  --  The open car and the redhead, the Beach Boys... that sounds really good to me."
Eddie Rayner at this point started to use the Yamaha DX7 synthesizer which can heard on many tracks.  --  He was also a published composer.
Union artillery bombarded the Confederates with a battery of eight Coehorn mortars; the Confederates responded by depressing the trail of a 24-pound howitzer and lobbing shells over the Union positions.  --  The room was inspired by the ballroom of Buckingham Palace, with walls hung with faded, red damask silk.
Throughout the entirety of the track, a reverberated guitar is constantly bending on a single string, conveying a "feeling of delirium".  --  He also writes the podcast's subscriber newsletter and contributes to the eXiled Online.
In some nations, the news media are controlled by government intervention and are not fully (or even partially) independent.  --  By pressing other buttons, you can execute tricks in the air and string together combos.
Ah, you really can hear the sea.  --  a dropped coffee mug a still-moving cart in the grocery storeThe band itself is playing the song in a loft; they also disappear at the end of the video.
Charles X was overthrown in a revolution in July 1830, and the new administration, headed by Louis Philippe I, announced radical cutbacks in government spending.  --  It can be whirled around, using its hardened handles for blunt force, as well as wrapping its chain around an attacking weapon to immobilize or disarm an opponent.
After the 2015 football season, the school district announced that synthetic turf would replace the natural grass field at Jim Hurley Jr Stadium.  --  This tool enhances capture and replay with the systematic generation of  derived test oracles.
The piano again states the main theme, sotto voce, while the violin accompanies with pizzicato thirds.  --  The reservoir itself is now dried out.
In 1915, revolutionary Vladimir Lenin referred to The Economist as a "journal that speaks for British millionaires".  --  Unlike other black passengers, Boynton went into a "whites only" restaurant, where he ordered a cheeseburger and a cup of hot tea.
The shore could hear the waves of the distant quant and the beautiful singing of the girl.  --  This particular character has lines for eyes, wears a conical hat and clog shoes, and carries chopsticks to eat a bowl of rice.
When interviewed, Harper elaborated; "as she wrote up the interview in the office, an old timer heard the record and asked what she was doing on Roy Harper?  --  The playwright, Ben Jonson mentioned costermongers in Epicœne, or The Silent Woman, written in about 1609.
People magazine lampooned a book on Carter as a "Southern white trash novel".  --  Once completed, teams had to eat a tray of sweets before receiving their next clue.
The periodical, which publishes poems and articles on contemporary trends, is the first in Canada to offer consistent commentary on modernist principles in poetry and literature.  --  Steel strings can be set up closer to the fingerboard and, additionally, strings can be played in higher positions on the lower strings and still produce clear tone.
He should be allowed to contact his organization and a lawyer, and should be released immediately."  --  In The Tenant of Wildfell Hall, published in 1848, the caddish Huntingdon, recovering from months of debauchery, wakes at noon and gulps a bottle of soda-water.)
Ortmann and Hertwig (1998) note that "deception can strongly affect the reputation of individual labs and the profession, thus contaminating the participant pool" (p. 806).  --  The Leonard Falcone International Tuba and Euphonium Festival is a notable venue for aspiring artists on euphonium, but its namesake played baritone horn on his many recordings.
The publication staunchly advocated free love and women's rights and critiqued comstockery—censorship of sexual information.  --  During that same program, a Loblaw executive presented the company's solution – a No Name spray canister with a red cap to indicate potentially harmful contents.
With the shortage of pistols in the American Civil War, many soldiers on both sides carried an Allen & Thurber pepperbox as a back-up arm.  --  As the bee flies from flower to flower, some of the pollen grains are transferred onto the stigma of other flowers.
"Chatterbox" is written and sung by Thunders, whom Willis felt "uses his voice as a wailing instrument" in a manner similar to rock singer Robert Plant.  --  Because its reaction time is not fast enough, the muscle cannot protect against hearing damage caused by sudden loud sounds, like explosions or gunshots.
He single-handedly rushed an enemy dugout which contained 37 Germans and compelled them to surrender.  --  After a gaming session, he finds a smartphone and goes to the owner's apartment to return it.
Local industry and environmental groups battled for decades over the Yellowstone and Idaho wolf reintroduction effort.  --  In mid-2006, a leaking pipe in the company's Marlbrook factory led to 40 cases of salmonella exposure and a product recall costing the company over £20 million.
As it does the trench must move back, "consuming" more plate.  --  The pianist Harold Samuel heard him in 1922 and encouraged his parents to allow him to travel to London to become his pupil.
On 8 January 1942, he therefore contacted the headquarters of 1st Airborne Division and 38 Wing RAF, asking if they were able to conduct the raid.  --  Audio Publications In 1944 the Free Methodist Church began a weekly radio show called The Light and Life Radio Hour which featured hymns, sermons, prayer, and scripture reading.
Origo founded the publishing house La Doxa Éditions in Paris in 2008, with the aim of giving social justice-focused African writers a venue to publish their work in Europe.  --  These changes caused radio listening to evolve explosively from a solitary hobby to a popular social and family pastime.
The school generally notifies candidates of admission decisions by 10 March every year.  --  After manipulation at line level, signals are then typically sent to a power amplifier, where they are amplified to levels that can drive headphones or loudspeakers.
In 1752 Thornton founded the Drury Lane Journal, a satirical periodical which, among other things, lampooned other journals such as Johnson's Rambler, The Gentleman's Magazine and The London Magazine.  --  The Herald also produces a newspaper targeted at tourists called  Visit!.
Kanger River is a lifeline and hills are its recharging reservoir; the whole national park is the catchment of Godavari River.  --  In this drinking style, a person has his own small cup from which he must first consume a cupful in order to 'break it in'.
Normally, the first violin leads the ensemble.  --  Many trekkers take the jeep to Darjeeling town from here as its readily available.
Kobrinsky filed a lawsuit against the Kholod outlet, which published the article.  --  The singer quotes him as saying: "I've 'got' to do this album.
Do you hear the rain?  --  On the banknote itself, it is flanked to the left and right by a band or ribbon which reads "GOUVERNEMENT VAN | NIEUW GRIQUALAND" and includes a helm with mantling.
On 12 August 2018, a Chinese state-run tabloid, Global Times, defended the crackdown in Xinjiang after a U.N. anti-discrimination committee raised concerns over China's treatment of Uyghurs.  --  The fragrance from this flower, only available in Mohammadi, spreads in the whole bagh and nearby areas.
An explosion reverberates in the distance and the then-crown prince runs back into the house without having reached the other side.  --  An episode of Monty Python's Flying Circus featured a McGonagall-esque poet called Ewan McTeagle, whose poems were actually prose requests for money.
Terry, while off duty, rushes from a neighborhood bar into an apartment fire to rescue a young girl, when firefighters inadvertently aim the fire hose at him.  --  Press intercom to ring the other phone.
Oliver E. Williamson, one of the most cited social scientist at the turn of the century, was awarded the 2009 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics.  --  On 5 April 1811, at 2pm, the signal station at Beachy Head signaled to Persian that a smuggling vessel was discharging her cargo nearby.
Her father has since disappeared, with Hanne unable to search for him because she keeps hearing a creature in the cabin every day.  --  Lumbar puncture (spinal tap) - A needle is inserted into the lower back (lumbar region) between two lumbar vertebrae to obtain a sample of cerebrospinal fluid for testing.
Conquest's thesis was characterized as "the famine was deliberately inflicted for ethnic reasons—it was done in order to undermine the Ukrainian nation", or that it constituted genocide.  --  He believes a bottle of pop from "Grandpa" tastes better than one from Scorpion Gulch.
He also established An Gael, a quarterly Irish-language periodical which publishes prose and verse by writers from all over the world.  --  Surface materials consist of broken grain stones, fragments of the cooked clay pot in the pink color, etc.
In June 2018 Rhodes municipality stated that plans for the final 700 meters of the ring road leading to Akandia Port are pending approval.  --  The two are looking for a German secret weapon Janos heard about from a mysterious 'she'.
In her teens in the 1970s she heard visiting musician Clark Terry.  --  There is a bird of paradise on top of a Bodhisattva from India, which is on top of a cabinet from Korea placed on top of Native American rugs.
CIA involvement In 1967, Ramparts magazine disclosed the a relationship between AFME and the CIA.  --  "Angel" (2008) is a fiberglass angel sculpture complete with flesh-covered wings, white hair, and frighteningly realistic skin that features details like wrinkles, sunspots, and peach fuzz.
RitualResearchers found that women's voice can also be censored by social rituals, which advocate the subordination of women.  --  Early lifeRivers was born in Edmonton, Alberta Canada and his musical career started fairly early on, with him playing the tuba in a band in Arlington Middle School.
Since the theatre's founding, KRT has achieved musical theatre excellence by employing local talent from the Cincinnati metropolitan area and beyond.  --  According to the Nihon Shoki he had horns coming from his head; the area was named "Tsunuga," written, literally, "horn-deer," and over time it became "Tsuruga."
In the Shell car, Vasser showed some muscle at Long Beach scoring the pole, leading laps late, and finishing 2nd behind Michael Andretti.  --  Scully cuts open Torrance's body bag and examines his corpse, but Dr. Osbourne, a member of the CDC team, tries to stop her.
Cleveland Browns legendsThe Cleveland Browns legends program honors former Browns who made noteworthy contributions to the history of the franchise.  --  Ritchie had become a celebrated printer, book designer and printing historian.
The Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) said the national security law was used to "suppress critical pro-democracy opinion and restrict press freedom", and called for Lai's immediate release.  --  The ADDIE model is an iterative process of instructional design, which means that at each stage the designer can assess the project's elements and revise them if necessary.
The journal stated that Gould's opposition to racism may have biased his interpretation of Morton's data, but also noted that "Lewis and his colleagues have their own motivations.  --  The ceremony began with a procession of clergy from the rectory to the church, where a prayer was chanted on the porch at the top of the stairs.
Behavior and ecologyVocalizations The American avocet call has been described as both a shrill and melodic alarm , which rises in inflection over time.  --  Matthew Meadow from YourEDM praised the drum & bass musician for staying true to his musical style.
In the domestic Japanese market, OEM deals with other manufacturers were entered to aid the poorly performing passenger car arm.  --  The acting plummets into realms of posturing camp, howling corn and eye-rolling hamminess that shatter illusion like a dropped glass."
In fact, Giancana shows fans that he can still whip up delectable hood stories from the bubbling Pyrex pot that we all love.  --  A walnut storage cabinet was placed in the front of the main entrance, and a stair to the second floor was to the right.
Kmoch wrote that Alekhine drank no alcohol for the first half of the match, but later took a glass before most games.  --  In 1985, Aprilia started outsourcing engines for some models to the Austrian company Rotax.
Later that day the Killers' social media announced the title of the song "Dustland" after a series of teases by the band throughout the day.  --  There he became interested in music and learned to play the euphonium and percussion.
3 engine to shut down with its fire extinguisher activating.  --  The cats which composed the new British breeding program were of a variety of builds, including some imported from America.
CSX claims that the production asked twice for permission to use its property, and was denied both times in writing.  --  Analysis of the adult-stage C. oncophora ES, covered both the protein and glycan components.
All agents in the same group consume the same bundle, though they may value it differently.  --  The fact he owns the only firearm on the Ryvius, a needle-shooting pistol stolen from one of the saboteurs of the Liebe Delta, assists his coup significantly.
Urbanization also results in a disparity in the market, owing to the large demands of the growing population and the primary sector struggling to cope.  --  In Beauvais, Oise, he found a job as a specialized worker at the Lockheed factory, where, after becoming alcoholic and very violent, was dismissed from his job.
The kitchen had ovens, stoves, and a very large table with bottles, jars and a large bowl cooking a snake.  --  The aliens attempt to destroy the player's cannon by firing projectiles.
More importantly, he is a pianist to listen to."  --  The putt-putt provided power for starting the main engines and was used after take-off to a height of .
Later, Aaron returned home and rung an ambulance.  --  Right hand-the mizrab or rishaAs mentioned the right hand employs a special method for holding the quill-inspired pick called risha in Arabic and mizrab in Turkish.
The authority has advised that—"The bay is a listed Ramsar site, part of a Biosphere Reserve, containing three Marine National Parks and five Special Management Areas.  --  The Sir Wilfred Grenfell used high-pressure fire-fighting water cannon to deter other Spanish fishing vessels from disrupting the operation.
Detective Rust Cohle, played by Matthew McConaughey, drinks a six pack during his interview in True Detective.  --  He also provided voice-over for the cartoon short Free-Ranger, an English child-scripted arts-funded production in 1989.
2007 contestThe 2007 national contest had the task of juicing an orange into a pitcher and pouring the pitcher into a cup in 20 or more steps.  --  Engine piston rings changed to limit oil consumption and pistons changed to strengthen skirt area.
Rather than exploding upon direct impact, the shells detected when they were near a target and detonated before contact, maximizing the effect of the shrapnel.  --  According to reports, Bochatay was moving at a speed of more than  and was unable to hear the machine's warning siren.
The Deputy Minister for Works and Housing commended the media for their role in the fight against COVID-19 in Ghana.  --  With an empty mug, only one note is emitted, whereas a filled mug produces melodious trills and warblings.
The game was stopped by a referee because of the possibility that further outbreaks on the field and bleachers would erupt.  --  The derailed locomotive, No 42881, struck the stopped passenger train, killing five passengers.
A trumpet is also heard in the song right after this line is sung.  --  To disprove it, skeptical Spud cooks up a heapin' frying pan of ham and eggs, then loses interest and goes outside when the egg-to-ham dialogue fails to materialize.
In November of that year, Ramsay phoned a live show on the same network as NY1 News under a false name.  --  Therefore, in the strictest context, the term designates any dish of raw meat cut up for consumption without the marinade.
In both cases, the commissioner noted that the bank did not inform the affected clients, whose personal information was compromised, until the incidents became public and an investigation was underway.  --  The fluid is normally 15 mmHg (0.6 inHg) above atmospheric pressure, so when a syringe is injected the fluid flows easily.
Shubhra Gupta of The Indian Express said that the "punches land in exactly the right place" when caste discrimination is addressed in the film.  --  The smaller northern branch meanders west before sharing an outlet to Port San Juan with the Gordon River.
The pianist is heard in a variety of settings... Pullen, a very rhythmic avant-gardist who can play inside or outside, was well-served by this release.  --  He has an orthodox countering technique and relies on his controlled throwing, instead of overpowering the hammer with pure strength.
In May 2009, Curry posted on his blog that another Dutch tabloid had published another Creative Commons-licensed photo from Curry's Flickr account.  --  This large oceanic plate was consumed at subduction zones.
It is normal to hear the aircraft throughout Klamath Falls during daylight hours.  --  The world's longest-running Gaelic periodical,  ("Echo"), was printed by Eòin G. MacFhionghain for eleven years between 1892 and 1904, in Sydney.
The new satirical magazine Private Eye also mocked him at this time.  --  The inverse program that translates machine code to assembly language is called a disassembler.
A satirical publication, later known as The Northern Looking Glass, it lampooned the fashions and politics of the times.  --  Mathieu Karsenti former guitarist/vocalist for Gafanhoto Lingo went on to set up the production and composing company Intricuts music focusing on music compositions for TV, film, theatre and multimedia.
1920s to 1950s The Cartier store was shared with Charvet & Fils, a gentlemen's haberdasher, until 1927.  --  This results in a violent, bloody shootout—dominated by the machine gun—in which Pike and his men are killed, along with most of Mapache's present troops and the remaining German adviser.
He also arranged a number of pieces, such as Hora Staccato by Grigoraș Dinicu, a Romanian whom Heifetz is rumoured to have called the greatest violinist he had ever heard.  --  In 2006, the newspaper L'Espresso confirmed the blackmail story based on the private papers of police commander General Giorgio Manes.
20 odd designer stores jostle for space and sell everything from traditional clothing and jewelry to rich fabrics, customised designer wear and everything else in between.  --  The Bohemian poet Šebestiàn Hnĕvkovský in 1805 printed two mock-heroic poems: Dĕvin in Czech and Der böhmische Mägderkrieg in German.
The exhibition was criticized for pessimism, "chernukha", the desire to scare and shock the viewer.  --  Railroad Canyon Dam was built in 1927, and impounds the San Jacinto River to fill the reservoir, which covers  and has  of shoreline.
After consumption the cup is refilled to the appropriate level and placed back on the table.  --  Symphonic Winds (Band) encompasses students that play brass, woodwind, and percussion.
During her marriage, the tabloid press ridiculed the Duchess of York after her weight climbed to  (220 lbs), labelling her the "Duchess of Pork" and "Fat Fergie".  --  A worker constructing the mill, James W. Marshall, found gold there in 1848.
Foyer: As guests enter the dimly-lit foyer, a distant organ can be heard. "  --  The containers are tested with only non-paper media, but are clearly sufficient to hold paper.
With rising economic and political issues in India, the craft sector is struggling to uphold.  --  Laughing, she injects a syringe into Clint's arm as he gasps for air, and Natalie screams.
While he gave control of the church to Serra, Portolá controlled the living quarters and rationed out food to the friars, charging their costs to the mission.  --  The Mahabharata mentions several kingdoms to the east of Indraprastha which were conquered by Bhima.
No English-speaking country has licensed it to date.  --  On 25 November 1897 the novelist published Mr. Scheurer-Kestner in Le Figaro, which was the first article in a series of three.
This made it difficult to lure star talent to WSSU.  --  Corporate videoCorporate videos  production can be scripted and covers a wide range of purposes from corporate Communication, Training and Education, videotaping conferences and conventions, products and services, and sales.
The following month, West alleged that the media calls him "crazy" to silence his opinion, connecting this to the incarceration of African-Americans and celebrities.  --  The echo of the album bounced wider than the band had expected.
The writer, the lecturer, is read or heard by a few hundreds a day, the journalist is read by millions." (  --  In the interior there is a relict lake, Lake Mogil'noe (or Molginoye), which is separated from Kildin Strait by an isthmus through which seawater filters that replenishes the lake.
He put on an impromptu performance of the act the following year at a Columbia Records sales convention in Key West, Florida, after hearing a particularly bad hotel pianist.  --  It was previously owned by Professor Karl Markees (1865–1926), a Swiss violinist who studied under Joseph Joachim.
AllMusic writer Bruce Eder praised Way's violin solo but claimed that the song "doesn't really take off until Way's instrument comes in on the break".  --  In the last episode, she is seen alive and well in a hospital talking with Kiri.
USA Cheer exists to serve the cheer community, including club cheering (all star) and traditional school based cheer programs, and the growing sport of STUNT.  --  Scholars also believe that Old Chinese had no phonemic tones, but tones emerged in Middle Chinese to replace sounds that were lost from Old Chinese.
The first female member was admitted in 1990, shortly after the earliest woman after-dinner speaker, the Minister of Finance Ruth Richardson, who addressed the club in 1989.  --  Tchaikovsky's brother Modest wrote, "There was applause and the composer was recalled, but with more enthusiasm than on previous occasions.
Brody and Carrie leave the house when they hear their rescue helicopter, not knowing it is false sound being generated by a loudspeaker.  --  Without the Śarīra, the pagoda loses its magical shine, and the king perceives the blood rain as an ill omen.
The Saudi Arabian media often attacks Jews in books, in news articles, in its Mosques and with what some describe as antisemitic satire.  --  The train set off at 8.30 pm for Kilmarnock, where the van was attached to the overnight express to St Pancras railway station in London.
When he heard the approaching train he ran towards it blowing his whistle and waving the lamp.  --  Their ruse draws a pack of real timberwolves, which Applejack easily crushes, but the pieces form into a single giant beast and she gets caught in a rockslide.
The school was commended by the 2007 Ofsted inspection team and rated outstanding in all 51 criteria.  --  The 1990s saw the introduction of the "Quad Shock Wagon" echoing sport utility vehicles.
An explosion echoes through the town: The blockage has been exploded by dynamite, causing the flood waters to recede.  --  In September 1992, Ada Petrova edited a still of the footage into a Russian television broadcast, which was criticized for implying the body was Hitler's.
Willis, a former medical student, was working as hired muscle for Two-Face and had disappeared suspiciously following a botched assignment.  --  If no agreement arises then the girl's parents arrange a jar of wine which is consumed by both the parties then the engagement will be cancelled.
Critics of the national security law have long seen the national security law as a tool to silence dissent.  --  In this context, the novelist recalls the assassination of Sholom Schwartzbard by Symon Petlura in 1926 which took place at the exit of Bouillon Camille Chartier (i.e. Bouillon Racine).
The newsletter also stated that Copeland and Baldock would now work on establishing a Board of Management and Board of Reference for the party.  --  Oswald Cooper, designer of Cooper Black studied under Goudy.
When you hear [Licari's] clarinet you know it's him."  --  In the 1909 issue the mosque was displayed inside an eight-pointed star pattern.
Nazimova is also the star in a production scripted by June Mathis.  --  On one of these coffins, a metal plate served to identify it as being that of Bancroft.
As the train is heard pulling away, Laura is galvanised by emotion, and hearing an approaching express train, suddenly dashes out to the platform.  --  In 2009, Toronto-based, American-born poet Damian Rogers released her first volume of poetry, Paper Radio.
The country school, directed by James Gray, taught the boys reading, writing, and, for an additional charge, arithmetic.  --  The Hawaii Five-O episode "Three Dead Cows at Makapu, Part 2" featured a scientist played by Ed Flanders who threatened to unleash a deadly virus on the island of Oahu.
Jonesy, now himself again, steps on the final alien larva before it can contaminate the reservoir.  --  On February 17, 2011, deputy editor Marina Koktysh was questioned by the police, the editors office was searched.
Thus, Demeter, in her sadness, neglects to nourish the earth for the months that Persephone is gone, only doing so when she returns, until the process repeats again.  --  The smaller of the two is a Met Office weather radar station which is part of a network of 16 across the country used to detect cloud precipitation (rain).
In one study, it was observed that up to 60–80% of brain energy was consumed while the brain was not actively engaged in any external task.  --  The number of classes in freestyle was reduced from 7 to 5, with the light fly, fly, and welterweight classes dropped but the middleweight added.
If real church bells were used for the notes Wagner wrote, they would overpower the orchestra and ruin the solemn atmosphere on the stage.  --  Writing styleShe is often portrayed as a novelist who questions the conventional boundaries of national literature.
The city said that the new development would strengthen the old and worn-down downtown business district.  --  With this system Walter Kidde & Company released the first portable carbon dioxide fire extinguisher and the first built in industrial system.
Democratic Republic of the CongoOn 1 August 2018, the North Kivu health division notified Congo's health ministry of 26 cases of hemorrhagic fever, including 20 deaths.  --  The column writer, Madame X, is spreading rumors about everyone.
Charles I's troops retained Saint-Jean-Pied-de-Port and its hinterland besides devastating the region, but was met with strong resistance led by local lords loyal to Henry II of Navarre.  --  Former Finel furniture factory now mostly lays abandoned while there are current plans to activate part of its capacity for hardwood flooring manufacturing.
Others criticized the band for a perceived lack of invention.  --  Avaaz opposed Ofcom's opinion, stating that the regulator "made mistake after mistake in deciding to give the Murdochs a clean bill of health to take over more of our media".
The dish can be drizzled with olive oil prior to cooking.  --  He harmonizes [the notes of the Chinese pentatonic scale] 'golden kung with 'sharp chiao,' Blending shang and yü into 'flowing chih.'
A seven-member journal oversight committee was created to evaluate the editor-in-chief and to help ensure editorial independence.  --  An outspoken leader, he was jailed in 1986 along with union representatives who participated in a strike by the Newfoundland Association of Public Employees.
The phrase was also reclaimed by LGBT people and used in blogs, comics, and other media mocking the anti-gay message.  --  The harsh alarm is heard when a passing falcon, crow or other suspected predator requires combined action to drive it away.
The press strongly attacked Thơ, accusing his civilian government of being "tools" of the MRC.  --  An enormous vat of a local hotpot is prepared throughout the day, followed by fireworks at night.
It is rumored that Jascha Heifetz once said that Grigoraș Dinicu was the greatest violinist he had ever heard.  --  The successful foundation occurred in 544BC, when the majority of the people of Teos (including the poet Anacreon) migrated to Abdera to escape the Persian yoke.
The magazine praised the sophisticated monitor software, user expandability, and comprehensive documentation.  --  At the upper end of the trench is a vertical framework covered to form a chimney within which is placed the rack of foodstuff.
He wrote to Bill Bird that the press in Paris was controlled by the Comité des forges.  --  Dead zoneIn monostatic sonar, the first thing the receiver can hear is the sound of the transmitted ping.
He approached the nonprofit organization Fractured Atlas, which gave him partial funding for the film.  --  Early life She was born in Keytesville, Missouri; her father was a lawyer and her mother a pianist who had studied in Europe.
The NSW Heritage Act was introduced in 1977, along with the creation of the Heritage Council which informs its administration.  --  Around 1935, the duo appeared regularly on the radio on a broadcast called Quart d'heure des enfants terribles.
Mutated giant scorpions menace the area.  --  The DUF covers nearly the entire protein.
The "Race into the Sky", as popular media called it at the time, was representative of the country's optimism in the 1920s, fueled by the building boom in major cities.  --  As the river changed course in the 1920s, the lake disappeared to become what today is a small pond on private property.
Others have identified how Yik Yak gives marginalized students a voice on campus.  --  The beef is covered with a lid during the cooking process to contain its natural flavor and juices.
Citing motorist confusion arising from the metric signs on I-19, ADOT's Tucson district announced that new signs on I-19 would use United States customary units.  --  While Rick celebrates his win on-stage, Spinner, Jay and Alex prank Rick by pouring a bucket of yellow paint and feathers on him in front of the audience.
Gudrun proves her innocence by picking up gems from the bottom of a boiling cauldron with her bare white hands.  --  He explained that what someone listens to can influence their playing, and despite the group listening to "a lot of mellower stuff", the music came out "a lot heavier".
Jean Webster (1935–2011), cook who operated Sister Jean's Kitchen, a soup kitchen serving free meals to the poor of Atlantic City.  --  This forced Midland-Ross to close its Chicago, Illinois, plant a few months later and lay off 2,500 employees.
A hired hand, William Benton, was the prime suspect, since he claimed to have been sold the Eleys' farm.  --  John Lighton Synge  (; 23 March 1897 – 30 March 1995) was an Irish mathematician and physicist, whose seven decade career included significant periods in Ireland, Canada, and the USA.
Sirotkin's poor season continued when the on-board fire extinguisher in his car was activated by debris from his tyre at the entry to Massenet turn on the 11th lap.  --  Housemates from Hell Kathreya and Michael failed to eat a container of Brussels Sprouts and were unable to nominate.
The orchestra was first heard on CBS directly from Carnegie Hall.  --  Its flavour is influenced by the type of wood the barrel is made from.
Germany lost the war, Moresnet was returned to Belgium, and today it is the German-speaking Belgian municipality of Kelmis.  --  The lake disappeared when the dam burst in 1945.
On July 26, 2008, Ecuador's Foreign Ministry formally notified the U.S. embassy that the U.S. lease on the base would not be renewed.  --  Later he played euphonium on track 'Hole In My Head' by Melbourne singer/songwriter Marjorie Cardwell, for her 2012 album In Another World.
At the time of building, the abbey was called "the greatest phenomenon in the Anglican community at the present time".  --  In it the band questions the effectiveness of their faith and ministry on those around them.
On August 24, 2011, the municipality announced that Nijkerk had passed the mark of 40,000 inhabitants.  --  When Beethoven's younger contemporary Hector Berlioz heard the symphony he wrote that the slow movement was the work of the Archangel Michael, and not that of a human.
The online magazine Cracked also lampooned the channel for its strange definition of history.  --  NewspapersThe Shire of Christmas Island publishes a fortnightly newsletter, The Islander.
Conclusion: In the final chapter, Thoreau criticizes conformity: "If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer.  --  The organization publishes a monthly periodical entitled The Linking Ring, which features tricks, coverage of shows and events in the magic community, and interviews with magicians.
Critical reaction to the recordings was sharply divided, with some claiming to hear an authentic 19th-century pianist (Harold C. Schonberg wrote, "some critics wonder if Franz Liszt had been reincarnated").  --  ... what probably clinched his promotion to the DHSS yesterday was his TV performance in the party political broadcast that attacked the loony left.
Radio and television The government controls all broadcast media with private ownership prohibited.  --  In this case it would depend on whether the work was likely to have been intended by the artist to be perceived as a portrait—sometimes a subjective question.
Years later he criticized Juilliard for concentrating too much on classical European and "white" repertoire, but he praised the school for teaching him music theory and improving his trumpet technique.  --  Pinkus has expressed the opinion that the later, better-organized sessions stifled much of the spontaneous creativity that had propelled their earlier releases.
Despite AGOA, Kenya's apparel industry is struggling to hold its ground against Asian competition and runs a trade deficit with the United States.  --  Very much later Vallinachiyar found this shattered weapon (Chakrayathan) was ceremoniously placed at a temple and worshipped and this place of worship of chakrayutham was called Vallipuram.
According to later testimony, she was allegedly raped by Ernest Knox, a 16-year-old black who worked as a hired hand at a neighbor's farm.  --  30 April – St Kilda players & umpires fail to hear the final siren.
After his death, the town of Barceloneta honored his memory by a statue.  --  Hungary sent a 300 strong, logistics unit to Iraq in order to help the US occupation with armed transport convoys, though public opinion opposed the country's participation in the war.
James Mercer mentions them as a band he frequently listened to as child in his time abroad in Suffolk, England.  --  Sri Lanka's most recently discovered bird, the Serendib scops owl was originally heard calling by Deepal Warakagoda in these forests.
On fellow contestant Nessa's MySpace webpage, Cheryl blamed the show for causing friction between herself and her boyfriend, who committed suicide two months prior.  --  They had garlanded him 'with plastic flowers' and even held a program at Police headquarters "where his bravery and courage was talked about by officials."
United States Ambassador to Georgia John Bass called the broadcast irresponsible and perturbing, and said it was not helpful in improving the security situation in the region.  --  In 1935 she was rebuilt again, gaining a single /75 caliber anti-aircraft gun in a quadruple mount for experimental testing and development of the new type of weapon.
The marriage market is an outlet for parents to share their private worries in a public space, something that traditional Chinese culture deems inappropriate in other settings.  --  ManifestationsEilistraee's most common sign is a silvery radiance (sometimes accompanied by a snatch of song or a few echoing notes of a harp).
Through the 1930s his orchestra was heard nationally in the United States on the NBC Radio network.  --  The premature publication was blamed on a transition to a new content management system.
Hotze was given $750 by the Confederate government to influence the British press with pro-Confederate propaganda.  --  Just as a flower must have its fragrance, as believers, let us become people who spread the Lord's fragrance and love." -
Types of theatrical productions Amateur theatre – theatre performed by amateur actors and singers.  --  After Joe leaves, Madison informs Anabel that her research on him was incomplete; he recognized "Joe's" voice as that of a radio performer he listens to frequently.
By early March, Christian Frederick had also organized a cabinet and five government departments, though he retained all decision-making authority himself.  --  The free port was extended several times.
The show, which asked couples questions about their personal lives, aired in syndication during the 1969-1970 season, and was taped at NBC Studios in New York City.  --  IPEJ is a unique open access journal which charges neither reader nor the author.
On 13 January the administration announced several reforms, and the Belgian King, Baudouin, declared that independence would be granted to the Congo in the future.  --  To support himself during his studies Holst played the trombone professionally, at seaside resorts in the summer and in London theatres in the winter.
This type of variation is characteristic of the diglossia that exists throughout the Arabic-speaking world.  --  Great faith was also placed in the installation of Wanze radar to detect aircraft.
A turntable ladder was positioned on High Pavement to enable them to direct a hose on to the roof.  --  Unmasking the mastermindBabman captures the goons and gathers the residents in a meeting to explain the whole plot.
Together with the periodical worked such people as Volodymyr Antonovych, Dmytro Bahaliy, Mykola Kostomarov, Pavlo Zhytetsky, Orest Levytsky, Oleksandr Yefymenko, Oleksandr Lazarevsky, and others.  --  While Naushad's father and father-in-law were condemning the musician who had composed these songs, Naushad dared not tell them that it was he who had composed the music.
Music can engage the brain in many different ways, whether that be making one more attentive, focused, increased concentration etc.  --  Manager Mort Lewis also was responsible for this public perception, as he withheld them from television appearances unless they were allowed to play an uninterrupted set or choose the setlist.
The Trump administration was briefed on it in 2017, but declined to make it official policy.  --  Béatrice Hammer (born Paris, 4 February 1963) is a French writer who publishes novels and short stories for adults (since 1994) and novels for children (since 2005).
A phone is then heard and Molly leaves.  --  Some employment agencies contract migrant domestic worker out on short-term contracts at a cost of up to $450 per month.
The two continue their delivery on foot when SpongeBob hears a truck approaching.  --  This laserdisc is the only release of the film that has the NC-17-rated director's cut, including sexual content that was cut to obtain an R rating.
Scott informed the Variety publication in November 2014 that he was no longer the director for the film and would only fulfill a producer's role.  --  FilmsIn May 2011, Magic Lantern released Florent: Queen of the Meat Market, a documentary history of the restaurant directed by David Sigal.
Suddenly, the prince hears a sound like a troupe of horses, but the old man says it was a kettle boiling.  --  Carlos Afonso Nobre (born March 27, 1951) is a Brazilian scientist and meteorologist who is mainly highlighted in global warming-related studies.
When Darkwing catches him in the act, Flud panics and falls into a reservoir he had contaminated, mutating into the Liquidator.  --  Hancock received its second hospital in March 1917, a Finnish hospital called Suomalainen Sairaala.
More than one publication questioned Coburn's motives, as his criticism did not include his own state delegation's earmark requests.  --  In 2007, a report surfaced that Multnomah County, Oregon, was hiring Klingon translators for its mental health program in case patients came into a psychiatric hospital speaking nothing but Klingon.
The final test for the contestants, there was intellectual contest: each of the participants were asked, and the jury assessed a sense of humor and knowledge of participants.  --  Newcastle supporter protestFollowing the defeat to Sheffield United on 4 November 2006, more than 2,000 fans protested outside St James' Park, calling for his resignation.
California is the only U.S. state to have hosted both the Summer and Winter Olympics.  --  Martian energy beings duplicate a scientist and his family as a first step toward their invasion of Earth to stop humanity's space programs.
Dennis Covington, a journalist who covered the Summerford trial  discusses his first-hand, investigative experiences at a snake-handling church in Appalachia, in his book, Salvation on Sand Mountain.  --  Then he hears a crunch and sees the janitor eating a bag of Doritos.
A typical 150 minute cycle will require more than 3 kWh of electricity, or more than boiling a 3 kW 'rapid boil' kettle for an hour.  --  The artist quotes lines from The Peony Pavilion and entreats his lover, "Let me love you…in the classical style."
The coin is part of the U.S. Mint's program honoring the District and the U.S. territories and celebrates Ellington's birthplace in the District of Columbia.  --  Hesiodos, on the other hand, who also engages in theogony, can also be seen as theology.
As of 2022, the only British tabloid still publishing topless models is the niche Sunday Sport.  --  The sage also gave her a musky fragrance, which earned her names like Yojanagandha ("She whose fragrance is spread as far as a yojana") and Gandhavati ("fragrant one").
But I must say that I have never heard such a pianist before...First, he does not play at all in the style you and I strive for.  --  An eminent mathematician, oceanographer, and civil engineer, Littlehales compiled many publications in navigation, terrestrial magnetism, and oceanography.
The regular Khurasani army had been decimated, leaving Togha Temür dependent on his and his allies' tribal forces, which were insufficient to conquer the west.  --  While at the Spanish court, the famous castrato singer Farinelli heard him sing.
The bank approached Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, who made good the loss in exchange for an increased shareholding of 78%.  --  In 1981, he moved to the Toronto Sun, then an independent daily tabloid, where he worked on the "rim" — the news copy-editing desk.
He goes on to cite a medieval philosopher William of Moerbeke (1215–35 – c. 1286),In affirmative propositions a term is always asserted to supposit for something.  --  With its abdomen removed, an adult drone-fly buzzed for more than an hour.
On the same day, the park released a simulated POV of the roller coaster.  --  Unlike the trombone, the remainder of the bazooka works mainly as a megaphone to amplify the volume of the sound.
In December 2004, the 130th Engineer Brigade's headquarters was informed that it would be deployed back to Iraq the next year.  --  The hall (rangamandapa) is also ruined.
Then he sees the car has another flat tire, and a police siren is heard.  --  Since her third albumNobody Knows  the pianist is also heard as a singer, where she promotes the jazz song "by ludicrous melody jumps and bold Scat-coloratura in the Lied area."
They also offer a tasting platter of different types of beers.  --  There is one shallow man-made lake that often dries up in the summer or all year, especially during times of drought.
Aside from that, he drinks the occasional jar in pubs in Ballyconnell and enjoys the odd game of poker."  --  Marsilius of Inghen (c. 1340 – August 20, 1396) was a medieval Dutch Scholastic philosopher who studied with Albert of Saxony and Nicole Oresme under Jean Buridan.
For example, Wilson is in a hotel room, and turns on the shower, and then Wilson is in an airplane looking out the window, while the shower can be heard.  --  On August 7, 2016, a Garfield comic strip showed the U.S. Acres gang (sans Bo and Blue) in its logo box, featuring Garfield eating a bag of chicken feed.
After marking, the NFER places test results into nine separate categories, and informs the school how many are to be taken from each category.  --  For double drawn, what we do with the hackle is to draw one bundle in it, with each different lengths that is, separating their different lengths.
The city has sought to diversify its economy to become less dependent on its struggling manufacturing sector.  --  In 831 a punitive campaign of the Abbasid Caliph al-Mutasim defeated the Beja east of Nubia.
According to Jon Savage, Matlock did play as a hired hand on 3 March, for what Savage describes as an "audition session".  --  Dositej Obradović was a prominent figure of the Age of Enlightenment, while Jovan Sterija Popović was a Classicist writer whose works also contained elements of Romanticism.
A few days later a Haganah spokesman 'phoned the newspaper, denied the allegation, and accused Hollingworth of being "biased and motivated by hatred".  --  In Melody Maker, Allan Jones praises the record as a "disturbingly pertinent expression of modern music".
Here Captain Old, a retired policeman who is also a hired assassin receives news that could help unravel the roots of a scourge that has devastated the continent.  --  The artist often questions and plays with such dualities as solidity–emptiness or reality–reflection, which in turn allude to such paired opposites as flesh–spirit, the here–the beyond, east–west, sky–earth, etc.
Their poetry continues the Objectivist obsession with language, ethics, and world and often addresses modern, urban, Jewish life, both secular and religious.  --  She opened the VMAs performance wearing a cowgirl attire surrounded by dancers in front of an "inflatable ass" bouncing to the beat.
The fuller white wines, such as barrel-fermented chardonnay, are more commonly put through malolactic fermentation.  --  5's extensive use in the Malayan Emergency is where the rifle gained its "jungle carbine" title.
The Irish Times quotes the director as saying "That was a situation we didn't find particularly acceptable."  --  Carrington continued to script the program until her death in 1958.
Shure SM57 and AKG 414 microphones were used to capture Infante's Les Paul guitar.  --  An overall positive criticism surrounds the play, but many critics picked at the flaws of the plot to critique O'Neill's judgment in playwriting.
Frances Taylor, writing on BT Group website, said that Gavin's introduction "got the nation talking about EastEnders for all the right reasons".  --  When Homer destroys the plane's canister in mid-air it only sprayed part of the message - "I ♥ U ★", which the other women think is for them.
The theater generally stayed six nights in one venue, performing a different set of plays and entertainment each night to help insure returning audiences.  --  The .10 caliber (2.5 mm) is the smallest rifled barrel made.
The hall has witnessed several plays including those of Shakespeare.  --  They were prejudiced technically against a gun that 'broke' in the middle, despite the much vaunted benefits of breechloading.
The program, which began in 2007, honors the legacy of Chuck Stone, who retired from the school in 2005.  --  If a server is not available, the youngest or most junior person at the table is expected to refill everyone's cup.
In winter of that year, the northern warlord Cao Cao led an army of approximately 220,000 to conquer the south to complete the reunification of China.  --  The book includes photographs (among which is "General Foods offers over twenty famous products for your well-stocked pantry shelf") and a subject index.
However, he still commends the program for "passionately" delivering news in the Filipino language.  --  Based on oral accounts, an artisan from Pampanga named Francisco Estanislao allegedly crafted the first five-pointed star-shaped paról in 1908.
The media was criticized for the biased selection of reviewers and not informing readers of reviewers' background.  --  It was an outdoor activity during which participants cooked traditional fried tomato pan and Sajyeh while talking.
If the passport is lost or stolen overseas, the nearest Israeli embassy or consulate must be notified.  --  It also publishes a daily business tabloid, The Australian Financial Review.
On June 29, the Bipartisan Legal Advisory Group (BLAG), an arm of the U.S. House of Representatives that is defending the suit, asked the Supreme Court to review the case.  --  Other noted Erfurters include the medieval philosopher and mystic Meister Eckhart (c. 1260–1328), the Baroque composer Johann Pachelbel (1653–1706) and the sociologist Max Weber (1864–1920).
The horn subsequently also echoes Caesar every time the word "cacciator" (hunter) is sung.  --  At the time a steam vessel that attained 8 knots was considered to be fast.
Cultural critic Michael Ignatieff of BBC2's The Late Show criticized the broadcast, arguing that Madonna was not a serious artist and the program was "an amazing abdication of editorial integrity."  --  For a given candidate gRNA, these tools report its list of potential off-targets in the genome thereby allowing the designer to evaluate its suitability prior to embarking on any experiments.
An alto flute is briefly heard in The Beatles song "You've Got to Hide Your Love Away", played by John Scott.  --  She is a classically trained singer who studied with soprano Helen Boatwright at Syracuse University and contralto Marion Freschl at the Juilliard School in New York.
If hearing a predatory bird, like a kestrel or hawk, they increase their vigilance.  --  In an act of defiance, PRD presented awards to jailed East Timor opposition leader Xanana Gusmão and banned author Pramoedya Ananta Toer.
Using too much Craft and draining a reservoir can potentially shatter a Jewel and permanently render a person unable to access that power.  --  This journal did not require conflict-of-interest disclosures from its authors.
Criteria for qualification for the franchise varied greatly among boroughs, from the requirement to own land, to merely living in a house with a hearth sufficient to boil a pot.  --  When the phone you rang is available, your phone will ring with five ring bursts.
The broadcast harshly condemned the U.S. government's Indian termination policy, and used the Hill 57 community as an example of what the policy would entail.  --  However, in orchestra merengue, the tambora usually only plays the merengue derecho rhythm as a background instrument, while congas are the main rhythm instrument, followed by the güira.
In 1962, as Algeria claimed its national independence, expression of popular culture was stifled by the conservative nature of the people.  --  The steam locomotive was struck from behind, destroying it and killing the electric train's driver.
In late 1976, the agency was approached by the film distributor Twentieth Century Fox which needed to promote a new epic space opera, Star Wars, in post-production at the time.  --  In contrast, Kojima's team instead offered the player new ways of traversal and sneaking methods, such as taking a jeep, a car, or a helicopter around the mission area.
She recalled to the same publication Stewart was interviewed by, "To begin with, I was kinda shook.  --  The first printed periodical, the Kaiyuan Za Bao was made available in AD 713.
Urtasun uses artificial intelligence, particularly deep learning, to make vehicles and other machines perceive the world more accurately and efficiently.  --  Norfolk's force (or "battle" in the parlance of the time) of spearmen stood on the right flank, protecting the cannon and about 1,200 archers.
If the meter empties, that player is forced to drop out of play, temporarily silencing that instrument and causing the band's overall performance to drop.  --  Richie returns to Maggie's apartment, where he returns Sophia home.
The mission of the overt part was to "counter system-sponsored propaganda", "educate the Folk", and "provide a man pool from which the covert or military arm can be [recruited]."  --  His cousins included the composer Nicolas Nabokov.
If you live within 20 miles of the airport, you will likely see and hear aircraft.  --  Parker began playing the saxophone at age 11, and at age 14 he joined his high school band where he studied under Bandmaster Alonzo Lewis.
Critical receptionFrançois Couture at AllMusic gave Live from Oz three stars out of five, saying that it "packs tons of energy" and praising each musician for their virtuosity.  --  For example, Esparza plays percussion, Walsh plays Orchestra Bells and percussion, and Heather Laws (Amy) plays French horn, trumpet and flute.
He guided the campus through significant curricular developments, overseeing the creation of new graduate programs in digital arts and new media, bioinformatics, electrical engineering, and politics.  --  Divers expecting the need to urinate in dry suits can also use an adult diaper / nappy, which soaks up and retains the urine.
ReceptionScott Yanow of AllMusic stated: "For what was probably his only session for an American label, the great pianist Tete Montoliu is heard in top form... Excellent playing".  --  If it senses that it has been seen, it remains motionless, with its bill pointed upward, its cryptic coloration causing it to blend into the surrounding foliage.
In popular cultureThe British satirical magazine Private Eye ridiculed him as "Veririchi Lotsamoney Yogi Bear".  --  Mitya gives Baba Yaga the now normal needle.
Since then she has continued to criticise the BBC, accusing them of being "embittered Remainers" "taking delight" in "undermining our country".  --  As the submarine continued to dive, shells were heard striking her hull.
For the scenes during a football game, production asked local schools to participate as extras for the film, including Lake Stevens Middle School in Miami, Florida.  --  The NWS operates NEXRAD, a nationwide network of Doppler weather radars which can detect precipitation and their velocities.
In fact, Astley's publication plagiarized much of its material from Descremps, including a similar cover illustration, but altered the material to depict conjurers in a more positive light.  --  Among those myths is Ragnarök, in which the Norse gods, the Æsir, are defeated by the giants, and the world is drowned.
When a world is destroyed by having all life removed (like what happened to Charn in The Magician's Nephew), the pool dries up.  --  In 1998, the Greek electronic composer and artist Vangelis published El Greco, a symphonic album inspired by the artist.
I heard an owl in the night.  --  She has been rated the third most successful female artist in the UK.
Turkmenistan has a state-controlled press and monitored communication systems.  --  Most of the anime adaptations' transformation sequences involve the use of shiny red or pink ribbons that fly out of her brooch and form her uniform.
A synthesizer can be  heard in the instrumentation but both Mealing and Holmes are credited with this instrument in the album credits.  --  The area is supported by a buoyant upwelling in the deeper mantle, which some associate with an Azores hotspot.
Business Insider magazine suggests this style and it is also used in many academic journals.  --  The movement begins with two quavers on the piano, which are echoed by the flute during the course of the next two bars.
Abu Hamza, the former head of London's Finsbury Park mosque who preached Islamic terrorism, is sentenced to life in prison by a US court.  --  Former World Extreme Cagefighting play by play announcer Todd Harris called the 3D broadcast of this event, with UFC featherweight Kenny Florian on color commentary.
The May 1967 "Colt's Ink" newsletter announced that he had won a national competition for his selection and treatment of materials in the design.  --  In response, picking up the discarded pistol, Manu shoots him in the head.
The newspaper La Nación interviewed revisionist historian Pacho O'Donnell, traditional historian Luis Alberto Romero and British historian David Rock.  --  The author of the column highlighted two tracks from Eminem's Slim Shady EP: "Just the Two of Us", and "Murder, Murder".
The press vilified George for his extravagance and luxury at a time of war and portrayed Caroline as a wronged wife.  --  The port is open to the public; fishing boats on display range from dinghy-sized dornas to industrial-sized fishing boats moored up at a quay that extends into the bay.
The arm would have then aided in the day to day needs of the station and would have seen 10 years of service.  --  Amanda's career got a huge boost when Elton John named her as an artist he's currently listening to, when he appeared on The Rosie Show.
Afterwards, local languages, instead of Spanish, were used to perform the complex theatre, with additions from multiple cultures throughout the archipelago.  --  As he was sailing along shore he heard a voice say "come, shore my boat" which he ignored.
The angry lyrics lambaste the prying media and false friendships, and is driven by a pulsing beat.  --  The fire caused severe erosion in the watershed above the lake, and the lake was contaminated with sediment and ash from the fire.
He requested production to limit the airing of his segment; however, agreed to allow the scene to be viewed via The Real World's website.  --  However, the red and gold auditorium remained largely identical.
It may still be seen this way; today the dish is prepared to commemorate special events and holidays.  --  As Pompano ducked under, shells could be heard hitting the water.
They were supposed to review the main band, but instead they wrote about us."  --  The heated seawater enters the lower part of the first chamber, then drains over a weir and passes to the second chamber, encouraged by the differential vacuum between them.
On 16 April 2001 the battleship's weather decks were opened to the public by the Hampton Roads Naval Museum, a U.S. Navy museum charged with Wisconsins interpretation and public visitation.  --  Science fiction editor and critic David Pringle rated The Castle of Iron as one of the hundred best fantasy novels in 1988.
In December 2014, Town Planner Kacie Costello issued the venue another cease-and-desist letter, this time over noise ordinance.  --  She initially studied with Theodor Kullak, where American pianist and chronicler Amy Fay heard her playing.
Kane stated that "Sue was the most fearsome guitarist we'd ever heard in New York.  --  BS 1363-3 AdaptorsPlug adaptors permit two or more plugs to share one socket-outlet, or allow the use of a plug of different type.
The industry would fight any attempt to create more specific rules or standards, and editors would no doubt ignore them."  --  The engines struck the ground causing the wings to be nearly torn off, and resulted in substantial damage to the fuselage and structure.
The story aims to poke fun at the apparent desire to conform embedded in the British psyche, as well as mocking the British tabloid press, in particular the Daily Star.  --  In 2003, production in the mill ceased and the mill lay empty.
Sports radio can be heard on WVAX 1450.  --  Upon reviewing the recordings at his hotel room, he heard a mosquito fly by the microphone during one of his improvisations.
The hunting industry fought back, and the back-and-forth between the ranchers and hunters eventually gave way to a rise in public environmental concern.  --  Purchasers at certain sales and persons claiming through owner bound by instrument executed by owner.
The museum will reportedly charge admission, as do other private museums in Washington, such as the National Building Museum, the International Spy Museum, and the Newseum.  --  Godrich wanted to create a pared-back album to showcase Waters  "the poet".
The role of the battery was to assist unarmored mortar and gunboats bombarding shore fortifications.  --  Clinton AdministrationIn April 1998, President Bill Clinton read the Richard Preston novel The Cobra Event, a fiction book about a mad scientist spreading a virus throughout New York City.
In these musings, the artist quotes and mentions a variety of Japanese, Chinese and European painters, poets and novelists.  --  I'll tell you right now that every aspiring writer should read The Elements of Style.
Some Franciscans serve on the Board of Trustees along with scholars and community members; the institution is directed by a lay academic scholar.  --  The lodge overlooks the Skeena River and sits at the base of the Skeena Mountains.
Whitney was described as "a teenage drama queen, unable to engage brain before mouth and constantly finding herself in and out of trouble".  --  In 2003, the behavioral scientist Herbert Gintis examined cultural evolution statistically, offering evidence that societies that promote pro-social norms have higher survival rates than societies that do not.
Instead, the show dialed the wrong number and woke up an unknown man.  --  During her travels she met with then-detained resistance leader Aung San Suu Kyi.
In paintings and some large carvings, he is surrounded by four dogs and a cow, which symbolise the four Vedas and mother earth who nourishes all living beings.  --  Another version reads:One day a man heard a bird calling to him, saying, "Go now, go now."
Stories of an easy-to-catch bird named carrao heard by Alexander Wetmore in 1912 on Puerto Rico might refer to this species.  --  He was a violinist who studied at Oberlin.
— Richard Versalle, American operatic tenor (5 January 1996), performing in The Makropulos Case'' at the Metropolitan Opera before dying on stage"Mom, do you hear the rain?  --  He described his experiences over this time in his journal, which reached to 63 bound volumes.
He can hear the sea now.  --  RulesAfter every match the MARCA journalist covering the match will evaluate the referees performance with a score out of 3 - 3 being the best and 0 the worst.
The regimental guns were able to fire canister at point-blank range, causing fearful carnage among the Turks.  --  With the gradual relaxation of mores in Spain in the mid-1980s, there was a perceived explosion of out-of-wedlock births.
Indeed, the low entry barriers in establishing nonprofits has led the nonprofit/NGO pool to be contaminated with purely instrumental organizations.  --  In 2011, Abraham Cooper, condemned the Japanese band Kishidan for wearing uniforms resembling those of the SS, the armed wing of the Nazi party.
The Karimov government charged each publication on the grounds of being "disloyal to the current regime".  --  In the documentary "The IT Crowd Manual", Roy is described as a worker who is engaged beneath his capabilities.
At the junket, while Eddie and Gwen are at each other's throats, Lee plants stories to convince the press the couple are reconciling.  --  A real time simulator allows the system designer to evaluate potential designs, by using a model, to select the best approach for the automated system.
Pegler saw himself a populist and muckraker whose mission was to warn the nation that dangerous leaders were in power.  --  Euclid of Alexandria (fl 300BC), a Greek mathematician, often referred to as the "Father of Geometry".
Ryerson's journalism school lab newspaper, the Ryersonian, interviewed Hannon's entire class.  --  The show, titled First Heartthrob () was condemned for "stunts and sensationalism".
Egyptian artillery shelled the Israeli bridge over the canal on the morning of October 17, scoring several hits.  --  It features user-submitted and editor-evaluated news and weekly user-contributed op-eds about urban planning and several related fields.
2017 – Donald Trump's administration officially announces the recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.  --  Namiki Shōzō may refer to: Namiki Shōzō I (1730–1773), a Japanese bunraku playwright Namiki Shōzō II (died 1807), a Japanese kabuki playwright
From this time on, Pilkington and Wilson emphasized the safety of their ships when addressing the press.  --  The theater remained a first-run cinema until 1971 when it was sold and the new owners turned it into an adult film venue.
The state hosts several major sporting events.  --  Due to this, there is no need to detect the parity error before it has happened, and the PCI bus actually detects it a few cycles later.
Meanwhile, the American gunners switched from firing roundshot to firing canister, with lethal consequences for the British infantry.  --  Pupil protestIn 2019 year 10 to 13 pupils protested outside the school, leading to the school agreeing to review sixth formers' dress-code and an end to compulsory study time.
Brooks also hinted that her scheming had formed the start of a "gripping and enthralling story" she hoped would get the nation talking and have viewers shouting at their televisions.  --  A famous event is the 1943 Rosenstrasse protest, in which non-Jewish women protested in Berlin after their Jewish husbands were arrested.
In addition, a guitar, natural horn, and bell are heard from offstage.  --  On May 11, 1940, the United States Congress cut $10 million from a $28 million appropriation budget for equipment to detect Japanese aircraft off the west coast of America.
For some reason, the press was not notified that there were no seedings, and several newspapers reported that it had begun.  --  She and Modugno teamed up for the year's Sanremo Festival achieving the 6th place for the performance of "Come stai" (How Do You Feel) composed by Modugno.
In 2016 the barrel fermented Cape Crest Sauvingnon Blanc received 90+ points and was named "one of the world's best barrel-fermented sauvignon blancs" by Australian wine critic Lester Jesberg.  --  According to Roger Hollinrake, it is reasonable to question Nietzsche's qualifications to criticize a great musician on very specific musical topics.
Summer nights are cool and the Pacific tree frog or barn owl can be heard.  --  In 2017, Cabello presented a video on his program in which the violinist and activist Wuilly Arteaga was heard supporting the government of Nicolás Maduro.
Although the latter received mixed reviews, Variety magazine praised Reeves' performance, "which opens up nicely as the drama progresses".  --  In the Season 10 episode "Thanksgiving", during Quahog's annual Thanksgiving parade, Tom Tucker mentions the Rocky and Bullwinkle float while a car alarm interrupts his news reporting.
In 1678 Nijmegen was host to the negotiations between the European powers that aimed to put an end to the constant warfare that had ravaged the continent for years.  --  Zoey heads over to the headquarters, where she talks Wedeck into letting her get into the FBI files to help them find the mole.
Only the organ can be heard throughout; the other instruments are not playing simultaneously the whole time.  --  Male American alligators (Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi) have been found with lowered testosterone and altered gonads in a chemically contaminated lake.
Today the instrument is sometimes heard in contemporary pop styles, such as rock and pop-rock, and occasionally even in serious classical music concerts, as well as advertisements.  --  However, Owen does not blame any individual nation or person in any of his other poems, so there is no reason to believe that he does so in this one.
Her 1899 show, My Cousin (Ma Cousine) was also condemned as lewd and obscene. "  --  Dede is a syringe that a doctor regularly injects to Mecnun.
The media is influenced by the desire for balance in coverage, and the resulting pressures can come from groups with particular political action and advocacy positions.  --  In April, 1771, he began the settlement of this village, and from his persevering industry and active benevolence, it has derived its present importance: its name will perpetuate his memory.
There was no violence and the local newspaper ridiculed Klansmen as "night-shirt knights".  --  Cicero quotes the Athenian musician Stratonicus, who said "Let Alabandus be my enemy!
A maid also tastes the queen's plate and gives birth to another boy.  --  At age 16, Copland heard his first symphony at the Brooklyn Academy of Music.
Days earlier, American satirical news outlet The Onion published a fictional article about a similar announcement.  --  In addition, the annular muscle surrounding the ear canal can constrict the passageway, thereby dampening acoustic signals and allowing the animal to hear more seismic signals.
The most common is a variant of the native ginataang manok (chicken is cooked in coconut milk) dish with the addition of curry powder, known as the "Filipino chicken curry".  --  He composed orchestral works along with several solos and duets for violin, which were much praised in their time.
The newspaper Le Figaro had vehemently criticized Pei's design, but later celebrated the tenth anniversary of its magazine supplement at the pyramid.  --  Uppaluri Gopala Krishnamurti (9 July 1918 – 22 March 2007) was an Indian philosopher who questioned the state of spiritual enlightenment.
ETO headquarters in Paris also honored Mildred Ridley as the most efficient manager for any overseas Camp Show unit.  --  From 29 May 1851 to April 1852, L'Etoile du Deseret periodical was printed.
A few years later, workers hear a train arriving from the east; the railroad is complete.  --  In the words of Jon Wilkman, the magazine "extolled the wonders of Southern California and had a major influence on the region's early image and appeal to tourists".
In the parody, the orchestra is overwhelmed by the malfunctioning bubble machine and the entire Aragon Ballroom eventually floats out to sea.  --  This was despite the fact that he had smoked a pack of cigarettes a day since joining the Navy in 1943, and did not quit smoking until 1985.
Computer Gaming World praised the game's scale, physics system, and true 3D environments; the magazine extolled the presentation of Cyberspace as "nothing short of phenomenal".  --  She was also an accomplished classical violinist, who studied at The Royal Conservatory of Music and performed many comedic musical duets with mentor Jack Benny.
Trivers told the Rutgers campus newsletter that Rutgers's officials refused to meet with him.  --  Itumeleng Mosala addresses land and poverty in his reading of the Book of Micah, emphasizing the sin of Israel in neglecting the poor.
Thus the clarinet heard during the film's first scenes was played by Steve Allen.  --  He came into conflict with the director of the school, Henana of Adiabene, whose works he condemned as contrary to the exegesis of Theodore of Mopsuestia.
He writes in his journal:"Tonight I heard Louis's horn.  --  The oil accumulating at the top is then transferred to waste oil tank on the vessel where it is later discharged to a treatment facility ashore.
The Vossische Zeitung newspaper condemned Hirschfeld in an editorial as "a freak who acted for freaks in the name of pseudoscience".  --  It is comprehensible to persons literate in the written language; the only equipment that is needed is a device to magnify the image appropriately.
The shells were clearly heard passing between British Consulate and Astor House."  --  She sought the centre of life as she and many of her generation conceived it, not in the state religion, but in experience and the heart.
He was challenged by a friend to drink the pitcher to retrieve the ring.  --  As their large eyes indicate, squirrels have an excellent sense of vision, which is especially important for the tree-dwelling species.
I recommend that you do whatever it takes to hear this lovely loudspeaker.  --  He was the author of numerous papers on scientific subjects, many of which were printed in the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society.
The next step was to acquire a journal to spread their ideas.  --  Through this work the artist examined her position as a black woman in Britain and the historical events in which that experience was rooted.
He was turning the pages of his score and beating time for an orchestra he could not hear.  --  Inexpensive student bows may be constructed of solid fiberglass, which makes the bow much lighter than a wooden bow (even too light to produce a good tone, in some cases).
So they hired an independent arm of Warner Music Group, the Alternative Distribution Alliance, which assists independent acts to get their music on radio.  --  Preparation Beef tongue is often seasoned with onion and other spices, and then placed in a pot to boil.
These Earth-orbiting systems are capable of receiving and relaying voice, data, and TV signals.  --  Fresh, new comb is sometimes sold and used intact as comb honey, especially if the honey is being spread on bread rather than used in cooking or as a sweetener.
Hurkos provided a "minutely detailed description of the wrong person", and the press ridiculed Brooke.  --  There are also different ways to insert the needle into the stitch.
The impresario, Vincenzo Benelli, defaulted on his contract with the composer, but this was not known to the London press and public, who blamed Rossini.  --  As well as playing in the orchestra he studied conducting in Leipzig with Prof. Rohde from 1994 to 1998.
The Soviet embassy in Beijing was notified of the incident.  --  If a turtle eats a plastic bag, it tends to clog the turtle's digestive system and result in the animal dying.
He was an ISI highly cited mathematician for the period 1981–1999.  --  On June 27, 1896, the novelist, editor, and critic William Dean Howells published a favorable review of Dunbar's second book, Majors and Minors in Harper's Weekly.
Babić's administration announced the creation of a Serbian Autonomous Oblast of Krajina (or SAO Krajina) on 21 December 1990.  --  Moruya was proclaimed a municipality in 1891.
Robert discusses the war with his uncle, the Baron de Charlus as they hear the all-clear siren.  --  The cup will then be refilled two more times and on the last time it must be emptied or the host will be insulted.
Unlike the letters round, the pool of tiles is fully replenished after each numbers round.  --  A "scorned" Beverley pours a bucket of manure over Sheila's head in revenge.
Time magazine coverJessica's Joy – And Tragedy People magazine coverMama, do you hear the rain?  --  With added exposure to the abstract work, liking ratings continued to rise with both subjective complexity (viewer rated) and judged complexity (artist rated).
As she is about to leave, she hears the fountain start again, and knows the only person who could have fixed it was Jesse.  --  On February 26, 1957, crews poured the last bucket of concrete for Monticello Dam.
While still claiming to never have actually engaged in blood doping, Basso admitted contacting Fuentes' clinic with the intention to engage in blood doping.  --  Erhu musicA notable composer for the Erhu was Liu Tianhua (刘天华/劉天華; Liú Tiānhuá; 1895–1932), a Chinese musician who also studied Western music.
Joseph Tumulty also put into place a more regular schedule of briefing the press.  --  Brookswood man drinks 48 case of beer then gets behind wheel of subcompact car to pick up albino children from school. -
Lang and Stulz found out that diversified companies have a lower q-ratio than focused firms because the market penalizes the value of the firm assets.  --  For her performance of "Strange Fruit" at the Café Society, she had waiters silence the crowd when the song began.
After Roman complies and drinks the flask he finds himself hanging upside down from a cliff edge.  --  Architectural acoustics includes acoustical treatment and soundproofing and also the consideration of the physical dimensions of the room itself to make the room respond to sound in the desired way.
She may have grossly misjudged her popularity by reading what the heavily censored press wrote about her.  --  In 1899, the Polish playwright, painter and poet Stanisław Wyspiański published a national drama, based on Polish history, named Achilles.
No school may be honored with either award twice while under the same director.  --  He played tuba in addition to singing.
Even though the Canadian and British press wrote positively about Lincoln's speech, the American press condemned it for its lack of length.  --  The plates were  thick, consisting of  of uranium-aluminum alloy "meat" covered by  of X-8001 aluminum cladding.
The captain called for the engine fire checklist, the right engine was shut off, and its fire extinguisher was activated.  --  Opened in Fall 2012, the 185,000 square foot building serves as an undergraduate residence hall, dining facility, library, classroom, and performing arts complex.
Later that month, Depardieu's French publicist Claude Devy discounted the statements made by Smith and Depardieu threatened legal action against any media outlet that published the comments.  --  He began playing the violin at a young age, but quickly grew tired of it and turned to playing the tuba in his school's band.
Today the practice is widely associated with any red wines that are barrel fermented, Muscadet, sparkling wine Champagne as well as Chardonnay produced in many wine regions across the globe.  --  He takes him in his police jeep and is just about to depart, when Banke sneaks in as a postman and scores the kill.
The engines were fitted with mufflers on the transom both to mask the engines' noise from the enemy and to improve the crew's chance of hearing enemy aircraft.  --  Basic principlesA crystal radio can be thought of as a radio receiver reduced to its essentials.
He nevertheless tried to entice top international (particularly British) talent to the U.S. and sanctioned semi-official tours of the top American players to Great Britain.  --  On 6 September the division was informed that they would be carrying out an amphibious landing at the Italian port of Taranto three days later.
In 1968, songwriter Tom T. Hall compared his fictional small town of Harper Valley, also a cauldron of scandal bubbling under the surface, to Peyton Place.  --  First published as a broadsheet named The South Australian Advertiser on 12 July 1858, it is currently a tabloid printed from Monday to Saturday.
According to one blogger, during heavy rains, the creek could be heard near the Sohmer and Company Piano Factory, across from Socrates Sculpture Park.  --  Terry Gilliam has recounted how he was inspired to create the movie Brazil after hearing a transistor radio play the song Aquarela do Brasil on the beach at Port Talbot.
In August, a recycling factory in Chachoengsao Province notified the OAP after a piece of scrap  metal triggered its gate detector alarm.  --  Canadian historian Frank Underhill, quoting Canadian playwright Merrill Denison summed it up: "Americans are benevolently ignorant about Canada, whereas Canadians are malevolently informed about the United States."
The school informs Craig that Sophie has not picked up the children.  --  When they finished a song, apart from the low hum of conversation, the band would hear Jesperson's loud whistle and fast clapping. "
Depending on house rules, the game either ends when the last rule card has been pulled or the king's cup has been consumed.  --  The Penguin's goons come after Tim and his family, but the Batman saves them.
In order to engage young engineering and technology talent, the IAT has enlisted educational institutions in the design and development of BUV's.  --  The story sees Japanese high school students Akemi Nakajima and Yumiko Shirasagi combat the forces of Lucifer, unleashed by a demon summoning program created by Nakajima.
and used the words "a bubbling cauldron" to describe Quanzhou.  --  Sometime later when Mo has been released from the hospital he is approached by Rash outside the building where he lives.
Jon Blistein of Rolling Stone called it "the kind of shimmering post-punk/new wave rush Angels & Airwaves excel at", while also praising the song's synthesizers.  --  Their location and record-breaking salary offer lured star Huddersfield Town manager Herbert Chapman in 1925.
It is probable that Bach heard the orchestra at the Duke's summer residence at Dannenberg near Lüneburg.  --  Jellyfish and Imperial Drag co-founder Roger Joseph Manning Jr. praised the record for its unusual sound: "Stuff is distorting.
This bombardment disrupted the first defense zone and partially neutralized the defending artillery.  --  An early 1995 article on the fighting game industry in Electronic Gaming Monthly stated that "for now, the undisputed king at the arcades is Killer Instinct".
The shackle-shuffle protest outside the Hiatt factory in Birmingham protests the manufacture of shackles for Guantanamo.  --  He hosted the first-ever outing of the new circus group Ra-Ra Zoo, who performed comedy mime to a, for once, silenced audience.
's 2003 promotional single "Show Me Love", which is a distorted synth and pulsing beat.  --  A 150-room hotel overlooks the equestrian center.
The stands exploded and the ovation united the two men.  --  The rack is then placed over a flat, smooth board that has been painted black or stained, to which the web will naturally stick.
Warner created a series of animations using beans, rice, coffee and maize to illustrate the UK's global solutions to feeding the planet.  --  She is a trained pianist who studied with the jazz artist Bob Richardson.
It is traditionally drunk in a social setting, typically with a toast followed by downing a full glass of it at one go.  --  Eaton updated an already-written biography of him in preparation for the campaign and, along with others, wrote letters to newspapers praising Jackson's record and past conduct.
But I must say that I have never heard such a pianist before...First, he does not play at all in the style you and I strive for.  --  The troops of Al-Mansur defeated the Christians at Torrevicente, south of Soria.
A solo piano (played onscreen) accompanies her, and the film's offscreen orchestra (presumably not heard by the characters) sneaks in for the second verse of the song.  --  His influential L′arte del violino (1733) contains 12 solo violin concertos and 24 caprices for solo violin Jean Baptiste Lully (1632–1687), Italian-French composer.
Along with Jefferson, Madison helped Philip Freneau establish the National Gazette, a Philadelphia newspaper that attacked Hamilton's proposals.  --  In older times it was said, that the only thing necessary for survival in Sørvágur was that you had a fishing rod and a pot to cook the fish.
The centre advises policymakers and industry on ecosystem management and long-term sustainable and equitable development in Europe and elsewhere around the world.  --  One such was a mug depicting the tea party scene from the book, with a Cheshire Cat that disappeared when the mug was filled with a hot beverage.
News-talk radio in Charlottesville can be heard on WINA 1070 and WCHV 1260.  --  The unusual turn of events silenced the screaming William & Mary fans, and the officials gathered to discuss their course of action.
Kabyle version of the french speaking newspaper Dépêche de Kabylie.  --  Her performance in Sangeet-Siddharth composed sensuous club song "Aa Zara" from Murder 2 was widely acclaimed both critically and commercially.
The German embassy in Washington was notified about Leach's arrival in America, where he met known German agents.  --  The last remaining commercial cinema in Macclesfield closed in 1997.
His interest in jazz came from hearing guitarist Joe Pass on the radio.  --  Library Happenings is a bi-monthly newsletter published and distributed by the Glendora Public Library.
Although this may appear to impose the union shop, in practice defining what constitutes a "similar type of worker" has proven too difficult and Section 17 is rarely enforced.  --  Nearby, dazed and tired, Christian screams in rage, breaking apart his machine-pistol on a tree-stump.
In his History of Western Philosophy, Bertrand Russell humorously quotes an unnamed poet on the subject – "Great Empedocles, that ardent soul, Leapt into Etna, and was roasted whole."  --  These carding devices, called kaman (bow) and dhunaki, would loosen the texture of the fibre by the means of a vibrating string.
Frank Stanton, head of CBS, accused Agnew of trying to intimidate the news media, and his news anchor, Walter Cronkite, agreed.  --  Another Czech composer, Bedřich Smetana, included a significant viola, originally viola d'amore part in his quartet "From My Life": the quartet begins with an impassioned statement by the viola.
As Bray is only 12 miles from Dublin, Harty was able go into the city to hear an orchestra for the first time in his life.  --  This trend was especially noticeable toward the series finale, by which time the show was intentionally scripted as a serial.
After the newspaper obtained two court orders, it was again distributed freely.  --  The vocal track was recorded in a hotel overlooking Lerici's Bay of Poets.
When he kicked a goal kick, the stand shouts "1, 2, 3, 4, 5!",  --  Common in Europe before World War I, the fire-brewing process uses a direct flame rather than steam to heat beer-filled copper kettles.
Upon his arrival, the locals heard his flute and the rhythm of the new drumbeat, believing it was the god Kupulupulu.  --  This deeper "rock"-sounding voice on Once—as well as on the song "In the Picture" of the album Into the Light—was welcomed by critics as a refreshing change.
The campus directs its attention to health concerns in the Rio Grande Valley, including diabetes, obesity, and cardiovascular disease.  --  Main composer and keyboardist Niclas Olsson gathered the band, recording a four track demo which resulted in a record deal with AOR Heaven.
The song begins with the insistently ornate keyboard melody,with a backing synthesizer that is heard throughout the song.  --  IncumbentsMonarch: Oscar IIEventsArts and literatureNorwegian playwright, Henrik Ibsen's, Ghosts, is released.
In June 1994, GameFan magazine teased a port of Galaxian3 for the 3DO Interactive Multiplayer, however such a port was never released.  --  CompositionHendrix biographer Keith Shadwick describes "Third Stone from the Sun" as "a structured group performance" composed of several identifiable passages or sections with further subdivisions.
Based on the talkback reaction, The Daily Telegraph, along with the daily tabloid programmes on competing networks (Today Tonight and A Current Affair) attacked Ten's broadcast.  --  He began to print his periodical in Ancona, in the Papal States, starting from 1 April 1765.
It canvassed the history of documentary in Australia and made critical observations about how the sector is struggling after cuts in government funding, despite recent cinema hits.  --  The Center produces a weekly online science newsletter called CO2Science.
After the war, the journal Al Liamm pursued that mission.  --  BiographyHe was born in Split, Yugoslavia, and acquired a music grounding from his grandfather, the composer Josip Hatze.
The role of the battery was to assist unarmoured mortar and gunboats bombarding shore fortifications.  --  She left with only an earthen pot to cook in.
The Serbian media ridiculed several proposals to decorate Slobodan Milošević with the Order of the People's hero because he would have had to decorate himself.  --  Adults occur in July on blooming Nepeta latifolia plants, which is the likely oviposition (egg laying) host plant.
Finding herself on the outside, Maureen contacts a tabloid about the situation in .  --  The group also comprised poet and future far-right politician Nichifor Crainic, who blended Symbolism and Rilkean verse into radical traditionalism.
Duke Ellington made a 1935 visit to hear Wheatley's orchestra.  --  Crerar's day normally commenced with being awakened by his batman, who served him a cup of tea.
The CVCE is a research and documentation centre which seeks to provide digital access to sources relating to the European integration process.  --  Yet she continued going to the Black and Tan, where she had a regular table and was personally served a tumbler of whiskey by Stephenson himself free of charge.
The soloists then enter, the piano first and violin following, both treating and ornamenting the main theme in their own way while the orchestra remains silent.  --  A composer of music, Gwynneth obtained a doctorate from Oxford University in 1531 by the submission of musical works.
Tigran said that this album "... is an ode to my birthplace, the town that nourished my childhood world with great experiences and made me who I am".  --  Each Space Pet shipped with a "Tomy air pump" that was used to recharge the air tank.
In 1984 Thigpen and Cleckley published a brief communication in an international hypnosis journal cautioning against over-use of the diagnosis of multiple personality disorder.  --  He is typically featured answering the call of children by smashing through walls or furnishings and then holding a pitcher filled with Kool-Aid while saying his catchphrase, "Oh yeah!"
The conductor said he had never heard such an excellent violinist.  --  Jones has been rated the 75th-greatest guitarist of all time by the Rolling Stone and placed ninth in Guitar Worlds Top 100 Greatest Metal Guitarists.
As premier, he is responsible for organizing the cabinet and appoints ministers and vice-premiers upon confirmation by the Supreme People's Assembly.  --  They have produced a newsletter called Iraq Weekly''' and an English newspaper called Forward.
He also pointed out that Israel notified the American embassy immediately after the attack.  --  He scripted ARY Digital's Children's program Super Kids Funda from Jun 2006 to Feb 2007.
Later Rogers hears a Vietnamese musician at François Clemmons' studio.  --  The valuable gem has the potential to fuel a major atomic weapon, capable of destroying the world.
The orchestra at the same time is heard in a march-like theme first given earlier in the movement, which brings the work to a triumphant end.  --  The junta then sought to reopen talks with Suu Kyi, the detained leader of the National League for Democracy.
A faculty senate advises the administration.  --  In this leg's second Roadblock, one team member had to eat a  bowl of a traditional Hungarian spicy soup to receive their next clue.
Rodina cinema remains a festival center, which hosts screenings of the Ukrainian national competitive program, non-competitive programs and retrospectives, as well as workshops.  --  Accidents1913: A locomotive fatally struck an employee near Redgrave.
The cabinet which organized and won the election, then governed to 1895, reunited three doyens of Romanian conservatism: Catargiu, Petre P. Carp, and Take Ionescu.  --  The authority is the name of the scientist or scientists who first validly published the name.
Stuart Clark is a contemporary English writer and widely read astronomy journalist.  --  Solmes is also an amateur classical pianist, who has studied under Anton Kuerti, Nadia Strycek and Katharina Wolpe.
PopularityIn a survey in 2011, jalfrezi was rated the most popular dish in UK Indian and broader South Asian restaurants.  --  Richard Leveridge (or Leueridge) (19 July 1670 – 22 March 1758) was an English bass singer of the London stage and a composer of baroque music, including many popular songs.
Each episode was to feature a different composer at first, but director David Richardson liked her track so much, he had Enya score the entire series.  --  However, analog radio (AM and FM) is still more popular and listening to radio over IP (Internet Protocol) is growing in popularity.
Janella cooked healthy dinner party food: an antipasto platter for starters, Tandoori chicken with mashed pumpkin and carrot for the main course, and Bliss Balls for dessert.  --  The playwright Neil Simon acquired the theater in 1967, after which he staged several of his own works there.
This deviation from the standard birth rates of males and females occurs despite the fact that the country in question may have officially banned sex-selective abortion or even sex-screening.  --  The goons shoot Harry in the back and throw their pistols in a dumpster.
It was speculated that the engine which powered the officers kyak was heard.  --  It is designed to allow students to generate, store, and publish school and extracurricular achievements.
He was the most natural pianist I ever heard--barring no one--and his memory was phenomenal.  --  On the return to Mars, Mongrol's body was destroyed, forcing him to relocate his positronic brain into his new body.
Popham was deeply encouraged by Lord Spencer, 1st Lord of the Admiralty who advised publication of the signal books.  --  In Sounds magazine, Pete Makowski praised the record, calling it "excellent".
Hamzi Moghrabi, chairman of the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee, blamed the media for harassment of Muslims and Arabs that took place after the bombing.  --  Pitchfork praised the record, admitting "Disintegration stands unquestionably as Robert Smith's magnum opus."
In 1957, the same venue published his final text for the stage, Domnul Million ("Mr. Million").  --  However, this record has been widely praised.
However, some TV commercials from foreign countries are dubbed, even if the original commercial came from another English-speaking country.  --  Chemical and biological attacksExamplesIn 1984, members of the Rajneeshee religious cult contaminated a city water supply tank in The Dalles, Oregon, using Salmonella and infected 750 people.
The newspaper also disclosed that he had been interfering in the workings of the Garda and the administration of justice for both political and personal reasons.  --  A famous example was the horn through which Nipper the RCA dog heard "His Master's Voice".
The Western peninsula of Brittany spoke Breton, a Celtic language.  --  An unsanctioned protest during the Olympics by seven foreign activists at the China Nationalities Museum, protesting for a free Tibet and blocking the entrance, was cleared and the protesters deported.
Emergency vehicles are heard approaching in the distance.  --  Hundreds of men, women, and children, many wearing the ceremonial akwa ocha (white) attire paraded along the main street, singing, dancing, and chanting "One Nigeria."
After they arrived in Tunisia, German forces ordered the establishment of Judenrat and forced the local Jewish population to perform slave labour.  --  It was a desolate area originally, recalled a local historian, so chemical manufacturers went there for the opportunity to pollute.
Zulu regiments had to charge forward directly into massed rifle fire, non-stop fire from the Gatling guns and the artillery firing canister shot at point-blank range.  --  Na Dùrachdan (The Wishes) – Music request show where listeners can request songs by telephone, internet and email.
Although originally designed to assess sense of community in neighborhoods, the index has been adapted for use in schools, the workplace, and a variety of types of communities.  --  Out come the horn section, sans horns, to do synchronized dancing and sing call-and-response.
Another tale relates that as a student, a young fox would take his writings to his master, until it was old enough to eat his satchel.  --  By 2009, the southeastern lake had disappeared and the southwestern lake had retreated to a thin strip at the western edge of the former southern sea.
The group created Rough Draft, a newsletter that told stories of the women within the organization.  --  To cut their losses, Airfix closed Meccano Ltd's flagship Binns Road factory in Liverpool in November 1979, bringing to an end three-quarters of a century of British toy making.
KoreaIn Korean cuisine, gui is a grilled dish.  --  From an unnamed textbook in the movie, a scientist reads that the angilosaurs may return from hibernation due to radioactive fallout.
Vancouver police constable Anne Drenan said Forrer's "negative attitude after police requested the show black out faces led to the police board deciding ... not to participate further."  --  Sextus reached Messina with seven ships and moved to Mytilene, then from there to the east, where he was defeated in 35 BC by Antony.
he said as the stadium cheered. "  --  Fort Donelson on the Cumberland River, although in a better location, had a vulnerable land side and did not have enough heavy artillery to defend against gunboats.
Two days after this conference, his native town Sann observed a shutter-down strike in protest against the injustices of the Allied Powers against the Ottoman Caliphate on 20 March 1920.  --  He and lead color commentator Stuart Holden called the Fox broadcast of the 2018 FIFA World Cup, including the final.
The AVCAIR facility handles VIP and FIFO (fly-in fly-out) movements including Adhoc Military, Medical and Charter flights and offers direct airside access for VIP movements.  --  The Rez Sisters is the first of an unfinished cycle of seven plays which the playwright refers to as his Rez Septology.
Before that Greek church chanting was purely monophonic (as it still remains in some more archaic traditions, such as Russian Znamenny chant).  --  The police retorted that, having the means to own it, "he can afford to hire a vehicle."
CrimeIn 2019, the county announced that it is creating a new task force with shared jurisdiction between neighboring Miami and Franklin counties to combat crime.  --  The important other side, learning how to sing authentically or perform a historical instrument is usually part of conservatory or other performance training.
In 'Autumn in New York', we clearly hear a dramatic, playful pianist who was fast becoming an extraordinary talent."  --  Belinda and her younger brother opened a luxury karaoke bar, La Chismosa Canta Bar (The Gossip sing and bar), in Mexico.
1933 – Great Depression: Franklin D. Roosevelt addresses the nation for the first time as President of the United States.  --  In Trinidad and Tobago, the jumbie bird is the common name of the ferruginous pygmy owl, a small owl that is often heard but rarely seen.
Finally, in October 1992, the Faroese national bank (Sjóvinnurbankin) called in receivers and was forced to ask Denmark for a huge financial bailout.  --  He also learned to play the tenor horn, the drums, the piano and the violin.
Realising that Sharon has gone to pick Helen up from hospital, Harry telephones the hospital, but is told that Helen was discharged twenty minutes previously.  --  Satirical author Lucian of Samosata featured Leto in one of his Dialogues of the Gods.
The government denied the population access to information other than that disseminated by the government-controlled media.  --  The Brazilian writer, Ruth Rocha highlighted, like Ramírez, the universal theme from a perspective "incredibly childlike".
Each remaining plate not consumed from the other three teams counts as a one-minute penalty towards that team.  --  Whiteheadian philosophy provides a worldview that fosters social and personal responsibility to one another and to the earth that sustains us.
The screeching guitar and lyrics were intended to appeal to skinheads.  --  The United States National Soccer Team Players Association partnered with the Hall of Fame to create the Time In program, which honored people with a connection to soccer battling leukemia.
The writer praised the piano and marching drums for "giving the song a sense of direction that the opener lacked".  --  The Foreign Origin Meat and Meat Products, Swine section covers swine meat (cooked, cured and dried, and fresh).
Each sector together to fight the culture in accordance with his nature.  --  When Catastrophe was performed in the Beckett Festival on 15 September 1999, the director Robert O'Mahoney, interpreted the climax very differently [from the way Beckett had].
Throughout the war, the Black Sea remained the primary theater of operations for the Soviet Navy.  --  The skin is then tied up to make a bag within which the meat cooks.
A secret "come-back" tour of the UK was planned for April 1995 but cancelled after the music press announced the dates.  --  This he would also place in a bucket, which he would pour, alongside the "chopped up bones" in the Leine.
Because of a contract, the city could not talk about a possible move.  --  Griffith was raised Baptist and looked up to Ed Mickey, a minister at Grace Moravian Church, who led the brass band and taught him to sing and play the trombone.
Iorras Aithneach is an Irish-speaking peninsula in the West of County Galway with about 2,000 people living in the area.  --  As of 2015, Constanten is a member of Alphonso Johnson's Jazz Is Dead, an instrumental Grateful Dead cover band that interprets classic Dead songs with jazz influences.
The tuba, trombone, and trumpet play notes within the first few octaves of the overtone series, where the partials are farther apart.  --  At the 1960 Games in Rome, a friendly race official poured a bucket of ice water close to the finish; Ljunggren cramped again and finished second.
John Britton, chairman of the college's tobacco advisory group, praised the journal for discussing the health problem, but he concluded that a "ban on tobacco would be a nightmare."  --  West Hollywood's City Council passed a resolution on March 22, 2012 condemning the show.
As the engine exploded immediately on impact, Davis's claim to have heard the train before its engine exploded does not fit the official account of the crash.  --  A series of events, including an official ceremony and a show called "Bouvines la Bataille", attracted more than 6,000 viewers in Bouvines.
The media also must be commended, because they bring these delicate issues into the public sphere.  --  One of his cinemas, Tyneside Cinema, is still operating in Newcastle and is the last remaining newsreel cinema in the UK.
In response to the situation, the United States consulate advised American nationals, including journalists, to leave Croatia.  --  The old system of pulling a chain to halt the train was replaced by four intercoms per coach that enable commuters to communicate with the driver.
According to Harry A. Poeze, in the first volume of Tan Malaka, Gerakan Kiri, dan Revolusi Indonesia, Wikana contributed to Menara Merah (Red Tower), Moscow-influenced newspaper.  --  The American virtuoso pianist Janice Weber has praised several of Maver's compositions as "Very Horowitzian"; an Étude for the Left Hand Alone as "Very effective.
The first menu included Dodine de Canard au Chambertin, a duck casserole cooked in a dodine.  --  The mini-album opens with its eponymous intro, a jazzy number that begins with lyrical guitar melodies and progresses into an escalation of brass sounds.
The county stated that it hopes to not only avoid further landfill, but completely empty its existing landfill —  of waste collected since 1978 — within 18 years.  --  It is now host to the Florida Repertory Theatre, a performing arts hall.
On their return they encountered a court troubled by problems caused by the emperor's intimate confidante Chalaça (Francisco Gomes da Silva).  --  Eventually, Querdillon and Kit are hunted down by the Count, but Kit sacrifices herself to draw the leopard-woman pack onto the barrier, killing them.
Therefore, I hope and suggest that you call our institute the Free Institute (Arabic: المعهد الحر).  --  It read: "The architecture reminds one of a quaint Tuscan beet farm, and the natural aroma of the beets drifts into the bedrooms and makes you dream of simpler times.
A little bit is good, but if you eat the whole jar you get sick."  --  It teaches understanding of social, technical, and aesthetic content of the built environment; the skill to make or modify it; and the judgment to assess the value of changes.
The violin is muted throughout, and becomes separated from the increasingly heavy piano part as it floats upward.  --  One reason spandex and other tight fabrics may be fetishized is that the garment forms a "second skin", acting as a surrogate for the wearer's own skin.
Baseball runs deep in Arkansas and has been popular before the state hosted Major League Baseball (MLB) spring training in Hot Springs from 1886 to the 1920s.  --  In contrast, the Piano Quartet emphasizes a chamber texture, in which the instruments permeate to form an unified ensemble.
Meanwhile, the Bank's External Affairs department told the press that Stiglitz had not been fired, his post had merely been abolished.  --  Sometimes haggis is sold in tins or a container which can be cooked in a microwave or conventional oven.
When you've been doing something for as long as I've been writing songs, you can feel like you've exhausted your reservoir of ideas.  --  Marchetti was appointed co lead-editor of the journal Physical Review X (PRX), a journal run by the American Physical Society (APS) in 2016.
Speaking about the connection between the black ooze and Caribbean identity, Awai says, "The pitch lake is constantly replenishing itself, just like us, taking on new form."  --  One of the surgeries sees a child's tears extracted through a syringe, which is then vaginally injected by the Sandman.
Which is the reason that this opinion has been long suppressed and is now entertained by men in a modest manner, and as it were with a veiled face."  --  She is also an aspiring novelist who eventually publishes her debut novel based on her experiences at the guild at the end of the series.
In 2001, he announced that he had lost most of his ability to hear: "I cannot hear television.  --  In test runs on the CMK in November 2013 a new Pendolino ED250 train set a new Polish speed record of .
Only in conscience, the natural sentiments within us, could we apprehend the voice of nature.  --  The French pianist and teacher, Alfred Cortot, heard her play in 1932 while she was a student at Shulamit Conservatory and invited her to Paris to study.
It was the first Venezuelan periodical that printed illustrations and photographs.  --  Chicago blues musician Lonnie Brooks, praised the talents of "Fiddlin' Marcy". "
Billboard magazine also appreciated the finished product. "  --  When asked why he was holding his shoe, Bodhidharma answered "You will know when you reach Shaolin monastery.
In January 2010, she described the portal as an "outlet that publishes pieces by authors from all over the ex-Yugoslav region with a pronounced antiwar and anti-nationalist profile".  --  The British authorities attempted to counter that by publishing an intercommunal periodical for students and by suspending the Cyprus Scouts Association for its Greek nationalist tendencies.
There's even talk of putting the Monkees back together again in the next year or so for a U.S. and UK tour," he told Disney's Backstage Pass newsletter. "  --  One of them was protesting an attention-seeking protest at SAV ground  and the other was marching towards the Collector's office.
The reviewer praised the costume designer of the film Ravneet Grewal and the lead actress Sonam Bajwa.  --  This was one of the centers of the Hungarian linguistic revival, which published the first Hungarian-language periodical called the Magyar Museum in Hungary in 1788.
Innovators in Action is an annual publication that advocates shrinking the size and scope of government, usually through privatization.  --  It remained a cinema until 2003, after the reinstatement of Latvian independence.
Alabama honors licenses issued by any state that also honors Alabama's licenses, provided that the license holder is not a resident of Alabama.  --  Smith's performance is composed on a simple dark stage with a couple of screens in the back.
The orchestra is regularly heard across Canada on CBC Radio Two.  --  He had drifted from his training as a painter until a bag of decommissioned money cut into confetti led him to make paintings with the material.
However, the federal post office department told locals they couldn't have Robin because the agency didn't want confusion with a Roblin post office in Manitoba.  --  Paul Tangi Mhova Mkondo a student youth leader was also detained with them for some time.
His trumpet can be heard along with Ella Fitzgerald on her album Get Happy.  --  The Polts enjoy sailing and skiing for relaxation and a good cup of coffee with time to savor it.
Funding Since open access publication does not charge readers, there are many financial models used to cover costs by other means.  --  By 1868, music for the banjo was available printed in a magazine, when J. K. Buckley wrote and arranged popular music for Buckley's Monthly Banjoist.
A year later, he asked to be dismissed from the cabinet and he left office and Anselmo José Braamcamp organized that cabinet.  --  The town of Houlgate in Normandy has named their promenade after Roland Garros in celebration of his altitude record breaking location.
It was in this ever-boiling cauldron of historical upheaval that French literature exploded into a bouquet of heretofore unknown and abundant colors—and so did the fantastique.  --  He described it as a "record that demands your attention.
After the dismissal of the case, however, the woman never made any attempt to contact the rescue organization about returning her cats.  --  In 1218 Albert asked King Valdemar II of Denmark for assistance, but Valdemar instead arranged a deal with the Brotherhood and conquered the north of Estonia for Denmark.
The band was also criticized by longtime fans who were not yet aware of Fergie's previous departure from the group, or J. Rey Soul's membership.  --  The rally turned violent, and the crowd overwhelmed security forces and tore down the mosque.
This chance meeting ultimately requires Will to re-evaluate his sense of the past and his family's history.  --  He was replaced by Alex Inwood, former deputy editor of the magazine, who was appointed editor of Wheels in March 2017.
Weed had moved his operations to Albany, where his newspaper, the Albany Evening Journal, advocated for Seward, who was elected by about 2,000 votes.  --  Back in the trench, Charlie arms Friedrich, who has been crippled by Thomas's torture, with a rifle to defend himself and runs off to find Doc.
Today, the island is also hosting the art scene of the hundreds of local artists who line up their works at the outdoor exhibitions.  --  He kidnaps Nicole and leaves a ransom DVD for Roman instructing him to drink a flask of liquid or he will never see her again.
The outlet publishes investigative reporting, academic research, comics, explainers, videos and podcasts in English, Bahasa and other languages of Southeast Asia.  --  2) Later, when he is shown walking towards Dhanirams' house, a clock in the background can be heard chiming.
| When the rain is heard on the leaves,Rongo enters into his house,A house of chiefly prestige.  --  Eventually the crowd overpowered the attackers, beating one of them to death before police detained the other.
The newsletter stated that PNBST was in talks with Cassels' company to buy land at Shelly Bay from the company.  --  The bridge was one of the earliest structures to be built after the bomb and overhangs the spot where the bomb exploded.
Tampere is Finland's largest monolingual Finnish-speaking municipality.  --  1942, known as 48 Hours in the USA), in which she is shown wielding a rifle to defend a house from German paratroopers.
In other cases, pilots cannot hear the horn on older aircraft due to wearing a modern noise-canceling headset.  --  The explosion stunned Polk and blew his clothes off, requiring a convalescence of several weeks.
On 8 July 2013, Hingis told the Swiss newspaper Schweizer Illustrierte the pair had been separated since the beginning of the year.  --  William Christopher Handy (November 16, 1873 – March 28, 1958) was an American composer and musician who referred to himself as the Father of the Blues.
Cayden runs into Angel and together they witness Connor and his pack eating Cayden's cousin after the murder.  --  14, UWO, Web, April 16, 2011.</ref>In 1998 Richard Carder gathered together musical settings  from Sappho by the composer and poet Ivor Gurney as Seven Sappho Songs.
The scene depicted is the moment upon which Achilles hears the trumpet and reaches for the weapons, notifying the others who he truly is.  --  However, there were tensions over detained opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi, with Thailand calling for her release.
The two remaining men begin to adapt to their surroundings; while watching a squirrel fall victim to a trap they have constructed, they hear a rescue helicopter above.  --  One bucket poured concrete on upper stories while the other was receiving concrete at ground level.
Furthermore, because national dishes are so interwoven into a nation's sense of identity, strong emotions and conflicts can arise when trying to choose a country's national dish.  --  Meanwhile, Sceparnio is returning with the filled jug, convinced that Ampelisca is deeply in love with him.
At the outset of Clinton's presidency, Stephanopoulos also served as the de facto press secretary, briefing the press even though Dee Dee Myers was officially the White House Press Secretary.  --  With 63% of the votes, Hayden-Smith had a bucket of pink gunge and a bucket of green gunge poured directly over his head.
Deducing that the three Austrian cannon defended the best crossing point over the Pándzsa, Grouchy ordered up his 12 guns.  --  Smith plays euphonium with the City of Cambridge Brass Band.
He contributed many articles to the Journal of Public Health, a London periodical supported by the early sanitary reformers.  --  Although the gas mixture was well under 1.000 m³, the building was obliterated, punching holes in both gas holders in the process.
Just don't expect The Rock to engage your brain."  --  In the same year, Bolesław III Wrymouth advanced from the lower Oder region deep into Lutician territory, reaching and devastating the Müritz region.
The press and other scientists ridiculed his theories of spaceflight.  --  The auxiliary power unit enables the aircraft to start engines and provides electrical power and cabin heat independent of ground support equipment.
A shot gun is heard; it is the Sheriff (Leo Gordon), who makes the "Savages" leave.  --  Furthermore, the organization created and controlled negative media meant to undermine black power organizations.
New York magazine raves, "Roots rocker Randy Kaplan is one of those happy-they-exist people you can't quite tell is playing kids' music.  --  HistoryThe name of the harmonic series derives from the concept of overtones, or harmonics in music: the wavelengths of the overtones of a vibrating string are    etc.,
In Kerala, it is called cheera and is consumed by stir-frying the leaves with spices and red chili peppers to make a dish called cheera thoran.  --  However, the bomb remained incapable of functioning; rather than destroying Rennenkampf and his adjutants, the explosion stunned them, while the attempted assassin later remained arrested and tried.
At other points in Kentucky, Ohio, and Pennsylvania, spectators drowned out Johnson with calls for Grant, who refused to speak, and for "Three cheers for Congress!"  --  A mathematician in Hashimoto's school criticized the work, saying "only three out of 15 are correct."
Although it is positioned as a premium product, the remaining price premium for FluMist over the cost of needle-injected vaccine is small.  --  In French cooking, it is typically used in soup, ragout and pot-cooked dishes, vegetable preparations and charcuterie, such as pâté, sausages and terrines.
The idea is to allow babies to swim without contaminating the pool.  --  For example, she has a 'hazy memory' of Thomas Carlyle "standing by my table stooping as he spread golden syrup on a slice of bread for me at my breakfast."
As the brass blare out, Wolimhaus believes the Doomsday has arrived, but it is the Queen's arrival and acclaim from the crowd.  --  In front of the barred middle door, a billiard cabinet is placed.
This is the brutal guitar machine thousands of lonely adolescent cowards have heard in their heads.  --  Chloramines typically occur when an insufficient amount of chlorine is used to disinfect a contaminated pool.
BRAC 2005MLAAP will gain the 155 mm artillery and 60 mm, 81 mm, and 120 mm mortar workload fromKansas Army Ammunition Plant.  --  The late nineteenth century English novelist George Gissing read both these volumes in one day in 1893 at the British Museum Library.
The gun detonations were heard throughout most of the city.  --  Publications The Allegheny Conference of the Wesleyan Methodist Church publishes a monthly periodical known as The Allegheny Wesleyan Methodist.
The valve then floats clear of the seat, allowing the tank to empty quickly into the bowl.  --  Crossing the bridge noodles () – ingredients are placed separately on the table, then added into a bowl of hot chicken stock to be cooked and served.
After the verdict's announcement, Storm commended the Montgomery County District Attorney's office for their diligent work during both trials.  --  On 18 June 1991, a mudslide devastated much of the city, undermining land, damaged 2,464 houses and destroyed 493 buildings.
It's a custom, similar to some places in Latin America, to flavor the plate with alcohol.  --  The future Pope Gregory the Great, then residing at Constantinople as Apocrisiarius, opposed this opinion, citing Luke 24:39.
A tabloid publishes a photo of McEvoy and Walling together.  --  She soon sees a newspaper which confirms that some three days have passed since she was in Pyne's office.
In Neal Stephenson's 1999 book Cryptonomicon, Yamamoto's final moments are depicted, with him realizing that Japan's naval codes have been broken and that he must inform headquarters.  --  This effect does not apply equally to long-range Wi-Fi, since longer links typically operate from towers that transmit above the surrounding foliage.
Dilger for a time stood alone with a gun firing double-shotted canister at the attackers, then limbered up to flee as the Confederates closed in on him.  --  They divorced in February 1932 and, in December 1932, Stout married Pola Weinbach Hoffmann, a designer who had studied with Josef Hoffmann in Vienna.
At 8.45 am each morning a siren is heard.  --  In 2011, British historian and professor Niall Ferguson also highlighted the negative effects of Russia's declining population, and suggested that Russia is on its way to "global irrelevance".
Lviv Today" is a Ukrainian English-speaking magazine, content includes information about business, advertisement and entertainment spheres in Lviv, and the country in general.  --  PlotAt Vamonos Pest, Walt and Todd prepare a barrel of hydrofluoric acid for Mike Ehrmantraut's dead body.
Plot Pepe is a hired hand, employed on a ranch.  --  Martha tries to inject a needle full of morphine in Helen's arm, but Helen knocks the syringe away.
The Wynn Las Vegas gallery, which had charged an entrance fee, closed shortly after the start of 2006.  --  Anders Bo Leif Linde (1 January 1933 – 2 October 1970) was a Swedish composer whose style resembled that of notable 20th-century neoclassical composers like Benjamin Britten and Samuel Barber.
It was the first house in London with a telephone and  London's first house with electricity for illumination, boiling a kettle and ironing.  --  The playwright probably referred to the women of the deme, who were considered terrible and ugly by contemporary Athenians.
One such legend has him running from his home to the local town of Pontypridd and back, a total distance of some , before his mother's kettle had boiled.  --  The inn overlooks the square on its northern side, and is one of the oldest properties listed on the Register.
Formerly a supporter of Smetana, Pivoda was aggrieved when the conductor recruited singing talent from abroad rather than from Pivoda's school.  --  For the most part, the remains have not been excavated; the original building was obliterated in antiquity after destruction by fire.
Three days later, the same publication praised the quality of the music, describing Bellini as "a modern Orpheus" for the beauty of his melodies.  --  In 2019, William Jewell started the Honors Institute in Critical Thinking, a scholarship honors program that delves into analytical thinking with a self-designed practicum centered around a world issue.
Finally, the 6,025-pipe Ernest M. Skinner organ could be heard, but its positioning outside the auditorium itself was experimental and limited the options for addressing the auditorium's dry acoustics.  --  Six's stomach suddenly growls with hunger, setting the events of the first game in motion.
The last editor in chief before the takeover by Köppel was Fredy Gsteiger (1997 to 2001), under whom the newspaper pursued a general political position of center-left liberalism.  --  After this process, cannon on display may be protected from oxygen and moisture by a wax sealant.
Deibel notified the local media that he would go to jail before paying the tax.  --  The monastery, called Les Trois Maries  was be closed in 1792.
He says "I've never tasted rum", downs the glass, and the priest begins reciting a prayer in Latin as the guards lead him away and the film ends.  --  The Ossett Civic Trust produce a quarterly newsletter Ossett Times.
Led by Oakland Raiders owner and AFL commissioner Al Davis, the AFL established a "war chest" to entice top talent with higher pay than they got from the NFL.  --  Beyond describing the physical layout of the Chinatown, the author recalls some of the commercial and gambling activities in the community.
In 2017 the event took place during the Bank Holiday weekend, and a record 27,000 people gathered to hear the choir.  --  Helicopters allowed transport and deployment of infantry, artillery, medical, and supply elements to almost any location, presenting a formidable instrument that enhanced American and ARVN operations.
When the player misses a note, that specific instrument is muted until he catches the next.  --  In the picture, it is possible to detect precipitation in the background just above the horizon below the main cloud.
Smith breaks down in tears on the way to his base upon hearing the bombs in the distance, suspecting that the Korean soldiers have sacrificed themselves.  --  These may take the form of velcro flaps at the neck and shoulders, allowing the neckline to expand when the garment is pulled down over the head.
Overall, the country witnessed over US$700 million in tourism receipts in 1999.  --  The editor rightly interpreted the Milanese reference in the sense of Genoese origin.
On 6 September 1853, Pedro II called Paraná to the Imperial Palace in São Cristóvão and asked him to organize a new cabinet.  --  Longing to become popular among women, they make bizarre plans every day in their apartment to pick up girls.
What exactly are you hearing" -in the sense that one asks the subject to describe not the external references of the sound it perceives but the perception itself."  --  Williams was fired from Orchard Group and from the Christian Standard periodical, where she had worked as the editor.
In July, following a string of assassinations of plantation managers, the colonial government struck back, declaring a State of emergency, banning the MCP and arresting hundreds of its militants.  --  A bhangmeter is a non-imaging radiometer installed on reconnaissance and navigation satellites to detect atmospheric nuclear detonations and determine the yield of the nuclear weapon.
In addition, in 2002 and 2003, the administration briefed several Democratic Congressional leaders on the proposed "enhanced interrogation techniques".  --  The controversy was to inspire von Klenze's "Aegina" room at the Munich Glyptothek of 1830, the first of his many speculative reconstructions of Greek colour.
They have been laying cask since 2012, a cask distilled 7 March 2012 was spotted in 2018.  --  In March 2019 Dublin's Mouth on Fire Theatre Company also mounted a production where they asked the audience members to put on a blindfold or to close their eyes.
The orchestra can be heard on the 2000 live album Ce sera nous, but is nowhere to be seen on the live DVD.  --  ProfileMiller grew up in a very food, faith, and family-oriented environment, always in the kitchen cooking with her mother and two sisters or her great-grandmother.
On 23 October, Home executed an instrument of disclaimer under the Peerage Act 1963, becoming Sir Alec Douglas-Home.  --  As a result of puzzling adventures, ladies return the apartment to Lyuba.
The entire glee club sings "Like a Prayer" backed by a gospel choir, and Kurt and Mercedes each have a solo in the song.  --  According to Reid, he made this discovery when he spotted the name on the side of the carton from which he was pouring milk into his breakfast cereal.
His background and the extent of his considerable powers are unknown, but he claims to know absolutely everything (but not all at once) and that the planet talks to him.  --  An attempt was then made to pump out the motor room, but a gasket blew out and there were no means for repair.
He fiercely opposed the Home Rule Bill of 1886, claiming that Roman Catholic police officers had been brought from other parts of Ireland in an attempt to intimidate Protestant opinion.  --  Stefan Diez (born 1971 in Freising) is a German designer who studied Industrial Design at the State Academy of Fine Arts Stuttgart.
After the coroner's verdict was reported in NME, fans of emo music contacted the magazine to deny that it promoted self-harm and suicide.  --  He was a successful light entertainment composer and musical director including his  arrangements for  comedienne Beryl Reid's 1968-67  Beryl Reid Says Good Evening.
The larger the burn pan fire, the larger the rating and the longer the extinguisher must discharge to be able to handle the larger volume of fire before running out.  --  Among the containers tested is a thermos brought by Peg's boyfriend, but they turn up nothing.
There is a local saying that "the Sowley hammer can be heard" which means that rain is on the way.  --  Japanese free-improvisation trumpeter Toshinori Kondo has played baritone horn on some dates and recordings (e.g., Jazz Bunker), as has saxophonist Ralph Carney (e.g., Night on Earth).
Once the pongal pot has boiled over (symbolism for an abundant harvest), it is then offered as a prasad to the gods as thanksgiving.  --  During World War II, he played euphonium in the United States Navy Band.
The prince then hears a noise that resembles the whirring of a saw-mill, which the man dismisses as his grandmother's snoring.  --  Response recipient identification The Warning Letter specifies a designated district or center official to whom the organization must address their response.
The "Thought Police" are those who suppress all dissenting opinion. "  --  Controversy The Broadway show and subsequent productions have been condemned by a few religious groups.
Prior to the 20th century, however, the violin was usually accompanied by the cobza, which, although very rare, is still in use today.  --  Guitar The Edge's style of playing guitar is distinguished by his chiming timbres, echoing notes, sparse voicings, and extensive use of effects units.
In 2012, the county announced an extension to the sign program which would sign the route through Needles.  --  Ecology The flowers of M. uniflora are visited by various bee and fly species, most commonly bumblebees.
